[{"Account Name":"Brightside","Account ID":"0013z00002RIGPh","CASESAFEID":"0013z00002RIGPhAAP","Organisation Type":"Delivery Organisation","Date Member Last Updated URN Data":"2023-02-15","Inequality thematic focus":"Skills development; University access and progression; Careers and employability","Region":"London","Regions tackling educational inequality":"East of England; East Midlands; London; North East; North West; South East; South West; West Midlands; Yorkshire and the Humber","Beneficiary age/key stage":"","Website":"https://brightside.org.uk/","Public email":"info@brightside.org.uk","Intervention description":"We design and run online mentoring programmes, recruit and train volunteers, and facilitate meaningful conversations between mentors and mentees. We do this by collaborating with partners (including schools and employers) to deliver mentoring programmes through our safe and secure online platform. We provide a bespoke branded site for our partners with access to our secure messaging system that?s been built with safeguarding at its core. We are pioneers in online mentoring. Our messaging platform is sector-leading, and we continue to develop new features and improvements 20 years later. The platform is accessible from any device either through a browser or the app and has been built to support hundreds of thousands of users. Our programmes, in collaboration with partners, connect young people with inspiring mentors to help them make confident and informed decisions about their future. Spotlight is the latest addition to our provision. It?s an intervention developed collaboratively with schools to support and enhance Careers Education, Information and Guidance (CEIAG) provision for pupils facing barriers to opportunity. The Spotlight programme combines three separate interventions to support pupils to make confident and informed decisions about the future through information, advice and guidance. The three interventions are a whole-school survey to map aspirations, skills and knowledge across the pupil population, a light-touch ?career game? activity providing KS3 pupils with early encounters with professional role models, and 100 places per school on our flagship 1:1 mentoring projects for KS4/5 pupils. The programme is built on the Gatsby Benchmarks for Good Career Guidance and from the learnings of a pilot programme shaped by schools across three regional hubs. The programme is scalable and has been developed to support the journey of each pupil. Spotlight takes place over the academic year, and we encourage schools to join up for a minimum of three years.","Member Directory Link":"https://faireducationalliance.circle.so/c/member-directory-755067/?orgid=0013z00002RIGPh"},{"Account Name":"Book Clubs in Schools","Account ID":"0013z00002utCMc","CASESAFEID":"0013z00002utCMcAAM","Organisation Type":"Delivery Organisation","Date Member Last Updated URN Data":"1969-12-31","Inequality thematic focus":"Mental health and wellbeing; Skills development","Region":"London","Regions tackling educational inequality":"London; North East; North West; West Midlands","Beneficiary age/key stage":"","Website":"www.bookclubsinschools.org","Public email":"alison@bookclubsinschools.org","Intervention description":"We know from our work with schools that they have very little time and few resources in the current funding climate to support enrichment activities or indeed buy books. It is the most deprived children, who are unlikely to have books at home, that miss out the most.??While there are a number of charities that support children?s reading, they mostly focus on the early years and primary aged children, rather than secondary pupils.??We are filling this gap. Secondary schools tend to focus their limited resources on core literacy skills rather than supporting reading for pleasure and struggle to sustain initiatives that encourage wider recreational reading. While many schools start to run their own book clubs, very few sustain them because of the preparation time they demand from teachers or librarians. Our approach to School Book Clubs does all this preparation for them and provides a sustainable and scalable model. ?A peer-on-peer activity that needs minimal work from me and has a great impact on reading for pleasure? - Pauline Lawrence, Library Manager & Independent Learning Coordinator, Haverstock School Research also shows that teachers' knowledge of children's literature is limited and often results in recommendations from their childhood (Open University, 2008) which are unlikely to engage a reluctant reader. As a result many young people do not see themselves in the books that are typically recommended to them. Surveys show that 26.5% 8- to 18-year-olds agreed that they cannot find things to read that interest them (NLT Annual Survey 2022) 32.7% of children and young people aged 9 to 18 say that they don?t see themselves in what they read (45% of Black children) (Best, Park and Picton, 2020). We invest a lot of time making sure that our books are accessible and relevant to young people. Our book list is deliberately diverse and includes dyslexia friendly books. We are involved in the Diverse Book Awards and we seek opportunities to to get feedback.","Member Directory Link":"https://faireducationalliance.circle.so/c/member-directory-755067/?orgid=0013z00002utCMc"},{"Account Name":"Whole Education","Account ID":"0013z00002QG4KZ","CASESAFEID":"0013z00002QG4KZAA1","Organisation Type":"Membership Body / Union","Date Member Last Updated URN Data":"1969-12-31","Inequality thematic focus":"Attainment; Mental health and wellbeing; Skills development; University access and progression; Careers and employability","Region":"London","Regions tackling educational inequality":"East of England; East Midlands; London; North East; North West; South East; South West; West Midlands; Yorkshire and the Humber","Beneficiary age/key stage":"","Website":"http://www.wholeeducation.org/","Public email":"","Intervention description":"Words for All supports a sustainable, school-led approach to improving reading skills and fluency of reading disadvantaged students by extending students? knowledge of vocabulary and reading. We support a school 'triad' of a senior leader and two staff to trial and scale evidence based strategies that work within the context of their school and meet the specific needs of their students. They get mentoring support from an experienced reading practitioner through the programme as well as access to a range of leading national experts in effective reading practice (i.e. David Didau, Mary Myatt, Alex Quigley) and become part of a community of practitioners who can exchange peer support. There are three overall areas of focus that we work with school triads on: Understanding Key Evidence Based Interventions: Immersion in the very best practical research evidence on reading/vocab/language interventions, focussing on five key areas. Overcoming Social and Emotional Barriers: Understanding better the social and emotional barriers to improving language acquisition. Planning for Successful Implementation: How to successfully plan for and implement sustainable change across school over time. The four 'evidence based' technical areas of practice we help immerse schools in are: Reading Aloud Pre-teach Vocab High Quality Academic Text Talking About Learning The programme structure and timeline involves a mixture of face to face and virtual events across each term, including access to a range of expert resources, all in support of each school's specific project that they have chosen to implement (i.e. from one of the four areas) with a specific cohort of young people experiencing reading disadvantage. We have a programme sponsor, programme manager, a seconded reading expert and four volunteer mentors. Schools participate on an annual basis with most continuining to be involved year on year. We are currently working with 37 secondary schools from across the country.","Member Directory Link":"https://faireducationalliance.circle.so/c/member-directory-755067/?orgid=0013z00002QG4KZ"},{"Account Name":"Right to Succeed","Account ID":"0013z00002RHz8v","CASESAFEID":"0013z00002RHz8vAAD","Organisation Type":"Delivery Organisation","Date Member Last Updated URN Data":"2023-07-25","Inequality thematic focus":"Early years; Attainment; Skills development; University access and progression; Careers and employability","Region":"North West","Regions tackling educational inequality":"East of England; North West; Yorkshire and the Humber","Beneficiary age/key stage":"Age 7-11/Key stage 2; Age 11-14/Key stage 3; Age 14-16/Key stage 4","Website":"http://righttosucceed.org.uk/","Public email":"hello@righttosucceed.org.uk","Intervention description":"We support communities in areas of high deprivation to work collectively to give children and young people the best start in life. We bring together residents, professionals and decision-makers to co-design a programme that is bespoke to the needs of the local community. Our Projects: Central Great Yarmouth: Project aims to support a community in Norfolk to lead on decision making that can positively impact the local neighbourhood, preventing children and young people from becoming involved in Violence. North Birkenhead: Cradle to Career project aims to improve literacy standards among children, give every family easier access to the support they need, improve the quality of life for all and create new opportunities for local children and young people. Halton Lea: Project aims to improve inclusive practices for young people with SEND and their families, support the social, emotional and mental health of young people and their families, ensure the voices of education, training providers, young people, service providers and local employers are being used to co-create collective solutions to achieving all outcomes. Northwood: Project aims to provide effective and consistent support for vulnerable young people at key transition points in their lives and improve parental engagement and community relationships with services. Blackpool: Pathways for All Project supports young people at risk of becoming NEET into education and employment. Rochdale: Discovery and Delivery project will focus on building a collaborative approach to Inclusion, literacy and transition across the Rochdale to enable success in education for every young person Tameside: Working with secondary schools improving Ks3 literacy and transition Blackpool NEET Systems Change Discovery: Discovery/piloting process to make recommendations for further investment into systemic solutions to youth unemployment Sefton and St Helens: Discovery to co-design Cradle2Career community projects","Member Directory Link":"https://faireducationalliance.circle.so/c/member-directory-755067/?orgid=0013z00002RHz8v"},{"Account Name":"Learn to Love to Read","Account ID":"0013z00002qILx3","CASESAFEID":"0013z00002qILx3AAG","Organisation Type":"Delivery Organisation","Date Member Last Updated URN Data":"2023-07-21","Inequality thematic focus":"Early years; Attainment; Skills development","Region":"London","Regions tackling educational inequality":"London","Beneficiary age/key stage":"","Website":"https://www.learn2love2read.org.uk","Public email":"tara@l2l2r.org","Intervention description":"We have a three-strand approach: We work with primary-age children in partner schools chosen because they serve catchment areas with high eligibility for Pupil Premium funding. We currently provide trained volunteer support to around 135 children across eight partner schools, improving reading fluency, confidence and enjoyment. Most volunteers go into school but some volunteer virtually via Zoom. We support children in Years 1, 2 or 3 whose reading is below expected levels - this could perhaps be because little English is spoken at home, they have missed a lot of schooling, they come from large families in crowded housing, or are just finding learning to read challenging. Children are selected by their teachers to receive weekly individual support. We work with pre-schoolers at risk of starting school poorly prepared to learn to read. As well as our schools, we partner with local charities serving families in need of support and with children?s centres in disadvantaged areas of the borough. We run early literacy classes, introducing simple activities to do at home that will help close the ?word gap? so often seen between more and less disadvantaged children starting school. 52 Early Years' classes were delivered in the academic year 2021-22. 104 families engaged with the sessions. This academic year we have expanded our work and anticipate running almost 100 sessions in total across the year. In the autumn term we engaged with more than 60 families at these classes. All families attending receive a gift pack of books, games, song sheets and top tips to use with their children at home. We work with parents, equipping and encouraging them to offer support at home, running workshops and offering individual support and regular messaging. Since September 2022, more than 125 parents have already attended workshops run by Learn to Love to Read in our various partner schools. These are open access events for parents in our partner schools.","Member Directory Link":"https://faireducationalliance.circle.so/c/member-directory-755067/?orgid=0013z00002qILx3"},{"Account Name":"First Give","Account ID":"0013z00002UBYz3","CASESAFEID":"0013z00002UBYz3AAH","Organisation Type":"Delivery Organisation","Date Member Last Updated URN Data":"2023-06-22","Inequality thematic focus":"Mental health and wellbeing; Skills development; Careers and employability","Region":"London","Regions tackling educational inequality":"East of England; East Midlands; London; North West; South East; South West; West Midlands; Yorkshire and the Humber","Beneficiary age/key stage":"Age 11-14/Key stage 3; Age 16-18/Key stage 5","Website":"https://www.firstgive.co.uk","Public email":"isaac@firstgive.co.uk","Intervention description":"All young people should have the opportunity to take part in meaningful social action regardless of their socio-economic background. The NYSA survey consistently finds that schools/colleges remain the key enabler of participation. That is why we deliver our activity in partnership with secondary schools to full year groups ? 62% of which have above average numbers of pupils eligible for FSM. Supported by a dedicated Programme Manager, schools receive a fully resourced scheme of work, supplemented by four facilitated sessions delivered by our team: Teacher Training Launch Assembly Presentation Skills Workshop Final Once teachers are trained, and the launch assembly has been delivered, students learn about social issues affecting their community and select a social issue to focus on. Through a process of research, debate and pitching, each class selects a charity to support. They plan and carry out social action projects (fundraising, awareness-raising, campaigning) in aid of their charity. Students create presentations to advocate for their charity and report on their class?s social action. One group from each class is chosen to receive public speaking training and to represent their class at the Final. Although flexible, this typically runs across 10-12 weeks. At the Final, attended by the year group and sometimes by charities/parents, students present to a panel of judges from the school/community; one class wins an additional ?1,000 for their charity. We are also piloting two additional programmes: First Give Primary ? a similar model to the core programme, adjusted for Y6 pupils post-SATs. The programme provides a meaningful social action project for pupils about to transition to secondary school. First Give Step-Up ? a year after participating on the core programme, students are reminded of their impact and invited to join a small extra-curricular social action group. Students lead their own projects, supported by FG resources.","Member Directory Link":"https://faireducationalliance.circle.so/c/member-directory-755067/?orgid=0013z00002UBYz3"},{"Account Name":"Delight Charity","Account ID":"0013z00002zVnEW","CASESAFEID":"0013z00002zVnEWAA0","Organisation Type":"Delivery Organisation","Date Member Last Updated URN Data":"1969-12-31","Inequality thematic focus":"Attainment; Mental health and wellbeing; Skills development","Region":"South East","Regions tackling educational inequality":"South East","Beneficiary age/key stage":"","Website":"https://delightcharity.org.uk/","Public email":"info@delightcharity.org.uk","Intervention description":"Delight is an leading arts based learning charity that builds collaborative partnerships between state primary schools, artists and arts organisations to improve outcomes for children from low-income backgrounds and those affected by other challenges in Surrey and Croydon. Through robust impact measurement, including detailed tracking of participating children who are eligible for Pupil Premium, our programmes demonstrate success in supporting children to raise aspirations and broaden horizons in relation to arts careers; increase wellbeing, self-esteem and confidence; and develop social skills, team-work and learning engagement. We focus on working with children aged 6-11 from disadvantaged backgrounds including many who have additional learning needs. We take an inclusive approach, designing programme content to work within a range of access and learning needs; and offering cultural opportunities that many children may not otherwise experience. Key to improving outcomes for young people has been the involvement of teachers. Our arts-based learning model has proven effective in building teachers? skills, knowledge, ideas and enthusiasm for using the arts in primary schools. We support teachers to develop the skills, confidence and enthusiasm that will empower them to build a legacy of creativity in their school to inspire and engage children. We achieve this through a teachers? package for every programme including a CPD training day, 1:1 support, a suite of films, guides, and arts resources. In the 2022-23 academic year, Delight is working with c.2,000 children and 79 teachers from 28 state primary schools across Surrey and Croydon. We work with a range of professional creative partners spanning multiple artforms including visual arts, dance, drama, immersive theatre and creative writing with our current programmes being Rainforest Retreat, Delight in Watts, Delight in Dance, Delight in Shakespeare, and Delight in the Woods.","Member Directory Link":"https://faireducationalliance.circle.so/c/member-directory-755067/?orgid=0013z00002zVnEW"},{"Account Name":"City Year UK","Account ID":"0013z00002RIGPo","CASESAFEID":"0013z00002RIGPoAAP","Organisation Type":"Delivery Organisation","Date Member Last Updated URN Data":"2023-06-12","Inequality thematic focus":"Attainment; Mental health and wellbeing; Skills development; Careers and employability","Region":"London","Regions tackling educational inequality":"London; North West; West Midlands","Beneficiary age/key stage":"","Website":"http://www.cityyear.org.uk/","Public email":"dthomaslowde@cityyear.org.uk","Intervention description":"Many pupils need more support than even the best teachers and school staff to have the resources to provide. CYUK helps bridge the gap by providing volunteer mentors to schools who provide full-time, individualised support to children, building rapport with pupils, parents, and teachers, and promoting a positive culture throughout the whole school. At CYUK, our young adults are trained and supported to help pupils strengthen and weave together social, emotional and academic strands of learning day in, day out, for a year. We enable each VM to give around 1,640 hours of support, and typically serving alongside four or more others, a CYUK team provides a significant, fully integrated resource: coaching pupils to solve problems, work with others, form friendships, express ideas, learn from mistakes and manage their emotions, at the same time as tutoring academic or ?cognitive? skills. CYUK full-time 18-25-year-old VMs provide each pupil with: 1. 1:1 Coaching & mentoring - 1 session a week for each of the 10 focus list learners per volunteer; 2. Curriculum support, including a choice of; In-class support for all learners often focused on whole-class English, maths, or PSHE/careers; Individual/small group tutoring for their focus list learners delivering school-mandated academic interventions, accelerated reading programmes, and our social and emotional learning programme; and support for off-curriculum days, special projects, and trips. 3. Support outside the classroom, including; before- and after-school activities a week, such as morning greetings, breakfast clubs, and wider opportunities; and break-time activities. In addition, we place equal importance on the development of our volunteers. Often volunteering in their own communities, our VMs gain real-world experience and over 120 hours of dedicated leadership and development training. They leave with standout skills and new networks that set them up for any career.","Member Directory Link":"https://faireducationalliance.circle.so/c/member-directory-755067/?orgid=0013z00002RIGPo"},{"Account Name":"Peeple","Account ID":"0013z00002sst2X","CASESAFEID":"0013z00002sst2XAAQ","Organisation Type":"Delivery Organisation","Date Member Last Updated URN Data":"1969-12-31","Inequality thematic focus":"Early years; Attainment; Mental health and wellbeing; Careers and employability","Region":"South East","Regions tackling educational inequality":"East of England; East Midlands; London; North East; North West; South East; South West; West Midlands; Yorkshire and the Humber","Beneficiary age/key stage":"","Website":"www.peeple.org.uk","Public email":"sally.smith@peeple.org.uk","Intervention description":"The Peep Learning Together Programme (developed by Peeple) is an evidence-informed, evidence-based intervention which supports the quality of the relationships between parents and their young children and the quality of the Home Learning Environment (both shown by research to have a positive impact on children?s outcomes). It is a strengths-based programme that values and builds on what parents already do to support them to be the best that they can be through: ? sensitive, consistent, and loving relationships with their young children as the bedrock of cognitive and socio-emotional development. ? understanding the importance of rich conversation, play, singing, books, stories, and simple everyday activities for supporting children?s learning and development. The Programme is delivered by early years practitioners (e.g. Children?s Centre staff) who have been trained by Peep Learning Limited (our trading subsidiary). We train between 600 and 1000 practitioners each year from around the Uk and Ireland. We are also a frontline service provider to families in the most disadvantaged areas of Oxford. The Peep Learning Together Programmes aims to ensure that all children, particularly those from disadvantaged backgrounds, reach a Good Level of Development to enhance their chances of succeeding in school and beyond. Specifically, the Programme aims to improve children?s: ? personal, social & emotional development ? communication & language ? early literacy ? early maths ? health & physical development. The Programme comprises 74 topics across three stages of development: Babies, Toddlers and Pre-schoolers. The Programme is flexible in that practitioners and/or parents select the number and combination of topics to suit their particular needs/requirements. This bespoke combination is delivered through group work, drop in sessions and/or 1:1 at home, and can vary in duration from taster sessions to six or more weeks.","Member Directory Link":"https://faireducationalliance.circle.so/c/member-directory-755067/?orgid=0013z00002sst2X"},{"Account Name":"Universify Education","Account ID":"0013z00002P7pV5","CASESAFEID":"0013z00002P7pV5AAJ","Organisation Type":"Delivery Organisation","Date Member Last Updated URN Data":"2023-06-27","Inequality thematic focus":"Attainment; University access and progression","Region":"South East","Regions tackling educational inequality":"London; North East; North West; South East; South West; West Midlands; Yorkshire and the Humber","Beneficiary age/key stage":"Age 14-16/Key stage 4","Website":"https://universifyeducation.com/","Public email":"info@universifyeducation.com","Intervention description":"We run an intensive, year-long programme for students from non-selective state schools starting in the summer of Year 10 until the end of GCSEs in Year 11. Our programme consists of three elements to empower participants with the independence, belief, understanding, and network of like-minded, ambitious young people to realise their potential through education: 1. A week-long summer residential at a highly-selective university - Participants take part in university-style seminars in a range of subjects, hear real perspectives on university life from current undergraduate students and admissions tutors, complete a group work project designing their own university, and experience living on campus for themselves. 2. Monthly online coaching from summer until the end of GCSEs ? empowers students to set and achieve academic goals, maintaining the increased aspirations from the summer course and supporting participants during their GCSE year. 3. 3-day Spring revision residential - six months after the summer course students return to our host partner and revise core subjects for their upcoming GCSEs, gaining the tools to attain the best grades. The residential also looks to the future with a showcase of follow-on Year 12 programmes and an employability workshop to increase student awareness of career trajectories and future opportunities. The residentials and coaching are delivered by a team of volunteers, typically current or former university students who act as role models for participants. Academic sessions are delivered by university lecturers and tutors and GCSE revision delivered by GCSE teachers. Volunteers and tutors are recruited and trained by a Universify Head Office team who oversee the smooth delivery of programmes. The residentials are hosted at partner universities, currently university colleges at Oxford and Cambridge University, who provide meals and accommodation as a benefit in kind.","Member Directory Link":"https://faireducationalliance.circle.so/c/member-directory-755067/?orgid=0013z00002P7pV5"},{"Account Name":"Life Lessons","Account ID":"0013z00002SZhUU","CASESAFEID":"0013z00002SZhUUAA1","Organisation Type":"Delivery Organisation","Date Member Last Updated URN Data":"2022-07-27","Inequality thematic focus":"Mental health and wellbeing; Skills development; Other","Region":"London","Regions tackling educational inequality":"East of England; East Midlands; London; North East; North West; South East; South West; West Midlands; Yorkshire and the Humber","Beneficiary age/key stage":"","Website":"https://www.lifelessons.co.uk/","Public email":"info@lifelessons.co.uk","Intervention description":"Life Lessons supports teachers to deliver outstanding, peer-led relationships, sex and health education. We do this to help young people make good decisions, be healthy and navigate the emotional and social complexities of life. Schools subscribe to the Life Lessons platform; a one stop shop for RSE featuring: -A complete, spiral RSE curriculum of high-quality lesson presentations (year 7 - 13). Two video libraries: -300 ?Peer-led videos? of young people sharing their views on everything from consent to nutrition. -200 ?Expert videos? for example of a Sexual Health Expert delivering a condom demonstration on film. -Topical news stories and form time activities to aid discussion -Online CPD and support from our School Partnership Manager. Our approach is underpinned by best practice evidence for delivering RSE: -Discussion based - we film short videos of young people sharing their views and experiences, modelling the discussion we want to see in the classroom. The videos remove barriers that prevent pupils exploring the root causes of problems and how this makes others feel. -Relatable & inclusive - we film people from a range of faith backgrounds, sexualities and ethnicities. Pupils learn from people who are similar and different to them. -Topical - new content produced biweekly -Skills focussed- resilience, critical thinking and oracy alongside attributes including empathy and respect. Our 130 school partners are right across the UK, they include state Secondary schools, Pupil referral units (PRUs), Special education need schools (SEN) and sixth forms. Furthermore, we have been commissioned by South Yorkshire Violence Reduction Unit to support 16 of their schools. In a typical school setting, RSE teacher(s) deliver PSHE classes using Life Lessons materials to years 7 - 13 each week for 1 hour. Additionally, as part of their whole school approach, Life Lessons is used in form and assembly time.","Member Directory Link":"https://faireducationalliance.circle.so/c/member-directory-755067/?orgid=0013z00002SZhUU"},{"Account Name":"Financial Times Financial Literacy and Inclusion Campaign","Account ID":"0013z00002vtRUU","CASESAFEID":"0013z00002vtRUUAA2","Organisation Type":"Delivery Organisation","Date Member Last Updated URN Data":"1969-12-31","Inequality thematic focus":"Skills development","Region":"London","Regions tackling educational inequality":"London","Beneficiary age/key stage":"","Website":"www.ftflic.com","Public email":"info@ftflic.com","Intervention description":"We create content for young people via the collaborative design and production of our flagship modular course and whole school curricula, which offer learners a multimedia introduction to sound money management. These materials help young people navigate a challenging economic climate and help young people realise their life ambitions. FLIC has designed and delivered numerous pilot workshops in a variety of schools in Newcastle, Manchester, Blackburn, east London, Kent and south Wales. We know not everyone learns best in traditional settings, which is why we are cultivating a cautiously vetted group of social media finance influencers with whom we are co-producing exciting, informal but rigorously accurate content. We have explored how best to deliver nuggets of financial wisdom directly to young people?s phones via social media, allowing us both to scale our audience at pace as well as remove the severity and formality sometimes associated with the topic. We believe this will inject fun, dynamism and humour into our resources compared to some of the existing material. We will continue to build our core course offering, bringing more partners on board to help us reach new audiences of young people. FLIC has secured a significant grant from an inner London coalition of academies to train and accredit teachers from their school in the delivery of a bespoke iteration of the core FLIC money management course. Via in-depth evening training sessions of frontline teachers and subsequent identification of key financial literacy champions who will undertake further ?train the trainer? courses, FLIC will introduce, embed and entrench financial literacy in these schools? curricula sustainably. Through regular delivery, support and feedback, we hope our relationship with this academy community will offer us longer term insights into how a culture of confidence with money is steadily cultivated.","Member Directory Link":"https://faireducationalliance.circle.so/c/member-directory-755067/?orgid=0013z00002vtRUU"},{"Account Name":"The Children's Literacy Charity","Account ID":"0013z00002RIGQV","CASESAFEID":"0013z00002RIGQVAA5","Organisation Type":"Delivery Organisation","Date Member Last Updated URN Data":"1969-12-31","Inequality thematic focus":"Attainment","Region":"London","Regions tackling educational inequality":"London; North West","Beneficiary age/key stage":"Age 5-7/Key stage 1; Age 7-11/Key stage 2","Website":"http://thechildrensliteracycharity.org.uk/","Public email":"info@theclc.org.uk","Intervention description":"? We provide 1:1 and 1:3 specialist literacy tuition for KS 1&2 covering all the important literacy skills: reading, writing, comprehension, speaking and listening ? We work with disadvantaged children who are significantly behind where they should be for their age and often face multiple barriers including: o EAL o eligible for PP funding or FSM o have a SEN eg dyslexia o experience challenging home lives/disrupted school attendance ? Our Literacy and Reading Labs are based in primary schools in areas of economic and educational disadvantage ? They provide a nurturing space where children grow in confidence with the consistent support of a skilled tutor ? Our tutors - employed, trained and supported by us ? are adept at building trusted relationships with hard-to-reach children and able to overcome barriers to learning, using multi-sensory approaches tailored to a child?s specific needs Literacy Lab 1:1 and/or 1:3 Tuition for KS1 ? 45-minute sessions, twice a week with the same specialist tutor ? Child supported until they close their literacy gap or make significant progress ? Majority of children graduate within two to three terms ? For every one month of tuition, children on average make 4-5 months progress* ? Programme builds self-esteem and resilience *This level of progress has been independently validated as a ?gold standard? in literacy provision by Sheffield University: ?demonstrating effectiveness in significantly progressing the literacy skills of the most disadvantaged student groups in the country?. Reading Lab 1:3 Tuition for KS2 ? 10-week catch-up programme to narrow post Covid learning gaps. ? 45-minute sessions, twice a week with a specialist CLC tutor ? Focus on reading comprehension and vocabulary to build confidence and literacy skills ahead of the transition to secondary school ? On average children make 10 months of progress across the 10-week progress","Member Directory Link":"https://faireducationalliance.circle.so/c/member-directory-755067/?orgid=0013z00002RIGQV"},{"Account Name":"Team Up","Account ID":"0013z00002RJBKY","CASESAFEID":"0013z00002RJBKYAA5","Organisation Type":"Delivery Organisation","Date Member Last Updated URN Data":"2023-09-05","Inequality thematic focus":"Attainment","Region":"London","Regions tackling educational inequality":"East of England; London; South East","Beneficiary age/key stage":"Age 7-11/Key stage 2; Age 11-14/Key stage 3; Age 14-16/Key stage 4","Website":"https://teamup.org.uk/","Public email":"","Intervention description":"We work to reduce the widening attainment gap in education by helping underachieving disadvantaged pupils (aged 9-16) double their expected progress and improve their future prospects, using inspirational volunteer tutors in English and Maths and a targeted curriculum supported by our Programme Managers (experienced teachers) and Facilitators. We deliver to over 1000 children in nearly 30 schools across London. We work with each school to identify disadvantaged pupils at risk of not achieving . We deliver small group tuition to build pupils? confidence and address academic weaknesses. The programme lasts for one term of 10 sessions lasting 90 minutes, though some schools do two terms. Every school is assigned a dedicated Programme Manager or Facilitator to run sessions, train tutors and provide ongoing observation and appraisals. They also manage pupil attendance, behaviour and academic progress on a weekly basis. Schools are clear that this is a fundamental strength of our programme. We work over academic school terms with approximately 15 partners (schools, other charities and universities) in each term to deliver our 12 week small group tuition programme in maths and English. Our coordinator team recruits volunteers to tutor our pupils. Our programme managers (PMs) and facilitators (PFs), train the volunteers and are responsible for managing each programme. Our programme delivery team attend each session with the volunteers and liaise with the partner to ensure the programme runs smoothly. At the start of each term we administer a baseline test at the pupils Key Stage which gives us the level the pupils are currently at and helps us identify gaps in their knowledge. We use this data, along with the pupils' Scheme of Work provided by the school, to choose the curriculum. At the midpoint and end of term we administer a progress test to assess the programmes impact.","Member Directory Link":"https://faireducationalliance.circle.so/c/member-directory-755067/?orgid=0013z00002RJBKY"},{"Account Name":"Career Accelerator","Account ID":"0013z00002RHW3R","CASESAFEID":"0013z00002RHW3RAAX","Organisation Type":"Delivery Organisation","Date Member Last Updated URN Data":"2023-06-14","Inequality thematic focus":"Skills development; University access and progression; Careers and employability","Region":"London","Regions tackling educational inequality":"London; Yorkshire and the Humber","Beneficiary age/key stage":"Age 11-14/Key stage 3; Age 14-16/Key stage 4; Age 16-18/Key stage 5","Website":"https://careeraccelerator.io/","Public email":"mayur@careeraccelerator.io","Intervention description":"We run mentoring programmes in non fee-paying schools (who we find through referrals, recommendations and inbound enquires). The mentoring is led by professionals working at leading companies. One of these programmes works with students in year 10-13 primarily from low-income, female and ethnic minority backgrounds, who participate in 1:1 mentoring. Our newest programme is for students with SEND in year 10-13 who participate in group mentoring. Students can participate if they belong to our partner schools. 50% of our 2022/23 schools are in the top 40% of household deprivation according to the Indices of Multiple Deprivation. Most of our schools are in London but we are working towards a national expansion in other economically disadvantaged areas of England. Students find out about the programme through a launch assembly, and then can apply through a signup form and have a group interview to confirm their place. We usually select up to 20 students per school. The programme has 5 hours contact time for each student over the course of one school term. The first hour is a workshop which helps students understand what mentoring is, the benefits of it and how they can be successful in their mentorship. Following this, students are introduced to their mentor. Each mentor and mentee is personally matched, considering things like the mentee?s career aspirations. Each mentee should have three one-hour sessions with their mentor. Finally, students participate in a Reflection Workshop where they consider how they can use what they have learned in the future. At the end of the programme, students can join our Alumni Network where they gain access to additional opportunities, such as work experience or additional mentoring. We work with our Youth Advisory Boards to ensure we offer impactful long-term support as students progress through their education and into their career.","Member Directory Link":"https://faireducationalliance.circle.so/c/member-directory-755067/?orgid=0013z00002RHW3R"},{"Account Name":"XLP","Account ID":"0013z00002ssGvx","CASESAFEID":"0013z00002ssGvxAAE","Organisation Type":"Delivery Organisation","Date Member Last Updated URN Data":"2023-07-04","Inequality thematic focus":"Attainment; Mental health and wellbeing; Skills development; University access and progression; Careers and employability","Region":"London","Regions tackling educational inequality":"London","Beneficiary age/key stage":"","Website":"https://www.xlp.org.uk","Public email":"verity.sykes@xlp.org.uk","Intervention description":"Education Based Programmes. 1. School Exclusions. A partner school can refer a Young Person (YP) to us if they think this person is at risk of exclusion or referral to a PRU/AP. We baseline evaluate the risk of exclusion and the Emotional & Social state of the individual and mostly we enrol onto our programme. They are assigned a Youth Worker who ?looks after? them for a year, helping them develop into young people who can contribute to their family/community. We use and combination of1:1 and group sessions. 2. 1:1 Mentoring. Anyone including a parent can apply for their child to have assigned ?Volunteer? mentor. The programmes sits separate from our schools partnership and will not deal with complex mental cases. The main difference is that XLP spend time matching a volunteer to a YP?s needs. We try to address the YP?s schema issues with the skillset of the volunteer mentor. Progress is monitored via the evaluations I set out in my last email but which I include again for ease of reference. For both of these programmes, if relevant a YP can also be assigned to our Literacy & Numeracy programmes and/or Employability projects. 3. Literacy & Numeracy. A YP is can be referred to this Programme which as two streams. I. A classroom based group approach addressing one or both of these areas. These are normally termly programmes. II. A Volunteer ?Tutor? is assigned a YP to help in one or both of these areas. Progress is monitored via the evaluations I set out in my last email. Apart from the above we supplement the YP?s journey with XLP via Sports days, youth awards, residentials, specific workshops and many, many trips. If you click where it says ?click here? using the trips link below and look at the drop down options for the ?trips? currently being signed up for, you?ll get a feel for the wide area we cover with Trips. https://www.xlp.org.uk/trips.html","Member Directory Link":"https://faireducationalliance.circle.so/c/member-directory-755067/?orgid=0013z00002ssGvx"},{"Account Name":"Success4All c.i.o.","Account ID":"0013z00002ehlt7","CASESAFEID":"0013z00002ehlt7AAA","Organisation Type":"Delivery Organisation","Date Member Last Updated URN Data":"2023-07-03","Inequality thematic focus":"Attainment; Mental health and wellbeing; Skills development; University access and progression","Region":"North East","Regions tackling educational inequality":"North East","Beneficiary age/key stage":"Age 5-7/Key stage 1; Age 7-11/Key stage 2; Age 11-14/Key stage 3; Age 14-16/Key stage 4; Age 16-18/Key stage 5; Age 18-30","Website":"https://www.s4a.org.uk/","Public email":"info@s4a.org.uk","Intervention description":"We started working with peer tutors in 2006 tutoring those who had English as an additional language. However, we realised the need to develop specific EAL-materials for new arrivals in secondary school and the need for specific training for tutoring EAL. In 2010, we became an AQA Skills training centre and created a Level 3 Module as Peer Tutor/Befriender module. In 2021, we became an ASDAN accredited centre, and we are now able to link this training and 2-year long placement to a COPE Level 3 (16 UCAS-points). The intervention we want to scale up is called EAL-Peer Tutoring Programme and is delivered in secondary schools. Working closely with a specific teacher in schools, an EAL- or MFL-expert, we set up a weekly after-school EAL-session with EAL-peer tutors and EAL-tutees which the school selects. The EAL-peer tutors receive 3 different types of training from us in tutoring, befriending, in safeguarding, in tutoring English as an Additional Language using our materials and in procedures to acquire the AQA Level 3 Skills Award or the COPE Level 3 ASDAN-qualification, After a few altogether group sessions, the EAL-peer tutor is matched with an EAL-tutee for duration of a school year. This can be for 1 or 2 sessions per week. Depending on the number of tutees and their EAL-level, the group can be divided into beginners and intermediate. The sessions are facilitated by an EAL-expert. This can be an expert from Success4All, or from our partner organisation The Language Centre or from the school itself. However, it is Success4All, which does the setting up, the training, the administration of the accreditations, the regular communication with parents, both groups of pupils and school, the measuring and the reporting. Problem-solving and evaluation is done collaboratively with the school, the students, parents and other partner.","Member Directory Link":"https://faireducationalliance.circle.so/c/member-directory-755067/?orgid=0013z00002ehlt7"},{"Account Name":"Khulisa","Account ID":"0013z00002YgGMm","CASESAFEID":"0013z00002YgGMmAAN","Organisation Type":"Delivery Organisation","Date Member Last Updated URN Data":"2023-07-07","Inequality thematic focus":"Mental health and wellbeing","Region":"London","Regions tackling educational inequality":"London; North West","Beneficiary age/key stage":"Age 11-14/Key stage 3; Age 14-16/Key stage 4","Website":"https://www.khulisa.co.uk","Public email":"info@khulisa.co.uk","Intervention description":"Khulisa delivers intensive social & emotional skills (SES) development programmes in schools & PRUs for disadvantaged young people at risk of exclusion across London (80%) and Manchester (20%). We know only 7% of children permanently excluded from school go on to achieve passes at their GCSEs (The Timpson Review). The primary objective of our programme is the development of SES & wellbeing. We draw on robust evidence which shows SEL reduces mental health issues, helps young people manage behavioural difficulties (disruptive behaviour is the top cause of school exclusions) & promotes not only academic attainment but lifelong learning & success. Uniquely, our programmes are led by therapeutically trained staff and freelancers. Each programme is tailored to meet the needs of children in small groups. Delivered experientially, the intervention uses a mixture of group activities & 1-to-1 reflection sessions, covering 10 core modules to first raise self-awareness & then build SES interactively through creative techniques like storytelling, art, debating & role-play. Each programme will include the same methodology and core elements, but depending on the issues that come up for the group the content may adapt. Each programme consists of; ? Support a minimum of 8 high risk young people over 6-8 weeks ? 1:1 assessments with each child (week 1) ? A group induction workshop (week 2) ? A 3 to 5 day intensive workshop, depending on partners capacity and alignment. (week 3-4) ? A post-programme group workshop (week 5) ? Individual post-programme evaluations and 1:1 sessions, with signposting and further options for mental health support if needed (week 6) ? Colate programme reports and analyse outcome data, against national benchmarks on wellbeing and behaivour ? Training for adults in young people?s lives (pre or post Face It programme)","Member Directory Link":"https://faireducationalliance.circle.so/c/member-directory-755067/?orgid=0013z00002YgGMm"},{"Account Name":"Magic Breakfast","Account ID":"0013z00002RJBKV","CASESAFEID":"0013z00002RJBKVAA5","Organisation Type":"Delivery Organisation","Date Member Last Updated URN Data":"2023-02-03","Inequality thematic focus":"Attainment; Mental health and wellbeing","Region":"London","Regions tackling educational inequality":"East of England; East Midlands; London; North East; North West; South East; South West; West Midlands; Yorkshire and the Humber","Beneficiary age/key stage":"Age 5-7/Key stage 1; Age 7-11/Key stage 2; Age 11-14/Key stage 3; Age 14-16/Key stage 4; Age 16-18/Key stage 5","Website":"https://www.magicbreakfast.com/","Public email":"joe.bishop@magicbreakfast.com","Intervention description":"To tackle educational inequality, we provide free, nutritious breakfast food to children and young people in schools with high levels of disadvantage in England in Scotland. Each school we support receives breakfast food (such as cereal, bagels, beans, porridge) in weekly or fortnightly deliveries, to be provided every day during term-time. All partner schools receive support from a member of the Magic Breakfast team called an Engagement Partner, who helps school staff with setting up and optimising their breakfast provision. This support is tailored to each school?s specific need, based on what the Engagement Partner knows works well in other schools, enabling the sharing of innovation and learning. Many of our schools make use of our ?extended reach? model where breakfast is served in the classroom, at ?Grab & Go? bars on the school premises or in the classroom as part of a soft start to the day. We also offer food to serve in the traditional breakfast club model, where children are seated in the school canteen or school hall and where they can do their homework, socialise with their peers and eat a healthy and nutritious breakfast. We encourage schools to provide free places for targeted children so they also benefit. We target children and young people most at risk of hunger. For a school in England to be eligible for Magic Breakfast, at least 35% of pupils must be eligible for Pupil Premium. At the same time, we aim to make our breakfast free and accessible to every child at our partner schools. We encourage schools not to individually means-test their students for breakfast provision, making it inclusive and free of stigma. This is because we are aware that some families with children at risk of hunger may not qualify for free school meals or other benefits.","Member Directory Link":"https://faireducationalliance.circle.so/c/member-directory-755067/?orgid=0013z00002RJBKV"},{"Account Name":"Construction Youth Trust","Account ID":"0013z00002xUZzQ","CASESAFEID":"0013z00002xUZzQAAW","Organisation Type":"Delivery Organisation","Date Member Last Updated URN Data":"2023-07-12","Inequality thematic focus":"Skills development; Careers and employability","Region":"London","Regions tackling educational inequality":"London","Beneficiary age/key stage":"","Website":"https://www.constructionyouth.org.uk/","Public email":"tommy.farrell@constructionyouth.org.uk","Intervention description":"We deliver a Transitions coaching programme across our London and North Kent. This programme targets young people (aged 14-18) from underrepresented groups and disadvantaged socio-economic backgrounds, connecting them directly to EET opportunities and supporting them to realise their full potential. CYT staff deliver the programme in our partner schools and colleges. Transitions Coaching centres on intensive 1-2-1 coaching and preparing young people to progress into a meaningful employment, education or training (EET) outcome. Working together, young people and their coach develop Individual Action Plans based on their interests, goals and developmental needs. Individual Action Plans are dynamic and regularly reviewed by each young person, supported by their coach. Each plan is based on the following components: ? Group employer-supported employability sessions ? including CV, application, and interview masterclasses ? Direct contact with employers relevant to young person?s interests to bridge the gap between them and the world of work ? including meeting relatable role models, project tours, career insight & networking sessions, and employer Q&As ? World-of-work experiences ? e.g. site/workplace visits, taster sessions and work experience placements ? Facilitated introductions to EET opportunities well matched to young people?s skills and interests ? e.g. coaches will connect young people directly to apprenticeships and jobs through regular ?Live Vacancies? events, as well as to relevant training & education providers ? Intensive 1-2-1 coaching, including post-EET support to help young people settle into their new destination Over the next academic year, we expect to support at least 450 young people on this programme.","Member Directory Link":"https://faireducationalliance.circle.so/c/member-directory-755067/?orgid=0013z00002xUZzQ"},{"Account Name":"The RSA","Account ID":"0013z00002QFvJh","CASESAFEID":"0013z00002QFvJhAAL","Organisation Type":"Membership Body / Union","Date Member Last Updated URN Data":"2022-07-12","Inequality thematic focus":"Early years; Skills development; Careers and employability","Region":"London","Regions tackling educational inequality":"East of England; East Midlands; London; North East; North West; South East; South West; West Midlands; Yorkshire and the Humber","Beneficiary age/key stage":"","Website":"https://www.thersa.org/","Public email":"general@rsa.org.uk","Intervention description":"- Cities of Learning provides the digital, human and institutional infrastructure for 21st Century lifelong learning.? We connect fragmented learning ecosystems to make them more than the sum of its parts.? We want to rebalance learning systems to be centred on learners and help them celebrate the capabilities they need to thrive. - Playful green planet is an ambitious intervention to transform how primary schools and early years settings foster a connection to nature and community through creativity. We will be co-developing green spaces and learning programmes with pupils, teachers and their communities, in areas where green learning spaces are rare. - Young People's Future Health & Economic Security project aims to understand the drivers of widespread insecurity affecting 16?24-year old?s health and wellbeing. Earlier in 2023, we undertook a policy co-design workshop five different places across the UK to better understand the experiences of young people around work and give them the opportunity to feed back to their local policymakers. - The Pupil Design Awards - a flagship national and annual schools challenge for pupils aged 11-18 to promote design thinking and self-efficacy. We aim to make it the most inclusive cycle of awards this upcoming year, having put extra resources to recruiting and support state-maintained schools through the awards journey. - Preventing School Exclusions - a major 3-year action research initiative, working deeply in Oldham, East Sussex and Worcestershire, that aims to influence practice nationally. - Youth Social Action in Primary Schools - explore the benefits to teachers of nurturing social action in their classrooms.","Member Directory Link":"https://faireducationalliance.circle.so/c/member-directory-755067/?orgid=0013z00002QFvJh"},{"Account Name":"Doorstep Library","Account ID":"0013z00002oahXS","CASESAFEID":"0013z00002oahXSAAY","Organisation Type":"Delivery Organisation","Date Member Last Updated URN Data":"1969-12-31","Inequality thematic focus":"Early years; Attainment; Mental health and wellbeing; Skills development; University access and progression; Careers and employability","Region":"London","Regions tackling educational inequality":"London","Beneficiary age/key stage":"","Website":"https://www.doorsteplibrary.org.uk/","Public email":"katie@doorsteplibrary.org.uk","Intervention description":"We set up projects by identifying an area where children are experiencing high levels of deprivation to work. For in-person visits we send our volunteers out in pairs to directly knock on doors. Volunteers go out with their backpacks filled with books. They go door to door, asking if there are any children living there who are under the age of twelve. If there are, we offer them books immediately, with no pressure to return them, and explain the nature of our service. We find that most families are very open to this, and we are usually able to return the following week and begin reading in the home straight away. For families who are unsure, we will continue the very ?light touch? approach of knocking and staying on the doorstep on a weekly basis, offering books for the children to keep/borrow. We feel that the families who are hardest to reach, are probably the families that would benefit from our reading sessions the most. Online - we receive referrals (from schools) and match each family with a pair of volunteers. Once we have established a rapport with a new family we start to get to know the children and our volunteers begin to feedback to their Team Leader at the end of every session. This helps the volunteers and Team Leaders to carefully select books for the children from week to week, order in special book requests, and is a wealth of information for our impact reporting and safeguarding. Each weekly visit lasts 20 minutes. Our aim is for parents to start reading with their children outside of our sessions. We want all children to have access to books of their choice in the home, and to be reading for pleasure on a regular basis.","Member Directory Link":"https://faireducationalliance.circle.so/c/member-directory-755067/?orgid=0013z00002oahXS"},{"Account Name":"Quest for Learning","Account ID":"0013z00002srpqc","CASESAFEID":"0013z00002srpqcAAA","Organisation Type":"Delivery Organisation","Date Member Last Updated URN Data":"2023-06-27","Inequality thematic focus":"Attainment","Region":"South East","Regions tackling educational inequality":"South East","Beneficiary age/key stage":"","Website":"https://www.questforlearning.org.uk","Public email":"info@questforlearning.org.uk","Intervention description":"We provide high quality small-group tutoring in reading and maths for primary school pupils who are struggling to keep up with age-related expectations, using our proven ReadingQuest, BookQuest, and NumSkills programmes. We employ qualified and experienced primary school teachers as tutors and equip them with a robust programme framework that allows them to use their expertise to tailor each group's teaching to the needs of the individual children using gap analysis and ongoing dialogue with the class teacher. Tutoring is delivered in school, mostly during the afternoons to avoid scheduling conflicts with core literacy and numeracy teaching sessions. Building effective realtionships with partner schools is vitally important, so our tutors are allocated to a single school for the full academic year; often they will continue to work with the school for several years, getting to know its unique circumstances and challenges. ReadingQuest tutors work with KS1 and (occasionally) Year 3 children to develop reading fluency. They usually work 1:2, teaching four groups per 10-week teaching block. Each group is taught three times a week in 30 minute sessions. BookQuest tutors work with KS2 children to develop comprehension skills. They usually work 1:3, teaching three groups per 10-week teaching block. Each group is taught twice a week in 45-minute sessions. NumSkills tutors work with KS2 children to develop confidence and fluency in mental maths. They usually work 1:4, teaching three groups per 9-week teaching block. Each group is taught twice a week in 30-minute sessions.","Member Directory Link":"https://faireducationalliance.circle.so/c/member-directory-755067/?orgid=0013z00002srpqc"},{"Account Name":"Chapter One","Account ID":"0013z00002RHz8r","CASESAFEID":"0013z00002RHz8rAAD","Organisation Type":"Delivery Organisation","Date Member Last Updated URN Data":"2023-06-07","Inequality thematic focus":"Attainment; Mental health and wellbeing; Skills development","Region":"East of England","Regions tackling educational inequality":"East of England; London; North East; North West; South East; West Midlands; Yorkshire and the Humber","Beneficiary age/key stage":"Age 5-7/Key stage 1","Website":"https://www.chapterone.org/uk/","Public email":"communityuk@tutormate.org","Intervention description":"Chapter One provides two innovative, technology-enabled solutions for the literacy gap. The first - the more substantial and established of our programmes - gives emerging readers vital reading practice. Unfortunately, too many disadvantaged children don't have consistent reading support at home or have limited access to books. Our online reading programme enables volunteers from businesses to use a sophisticated internet platform to ?meet? children for 30-minute weekly reading sessions for an entire academic year. Teachers, best placed to understand the needs of each child, choose up to 10 children from their KS1 classes to benefit. The volunteer-pupil pairs read levelled, decodable stories together and enjoy a range of word activities, focused on building fluency, confidence and enjoyment. As the platform does not include video, the pairs rely on voice to communicate and read, further boosting oracy skills. The second solution, currently in its pilot phase and based on a programme that works successfully in the USA, focuses on keep-up support for children who are behind in phonics. Targeting children in Reception and Year 1, in schools that struggle to achieve good phonics screening and/or KS1 SATs results, this programme provides daily, 1:1, 7-minute phonics sessions. Using a bespoke technology tool, a trained Early Reading Interventionist (ELI) works individually with target children. S/he, in close dialogue with the class teacher, ensures that children who are at risk of falling behind the whole class phonics teaching are supported to keep up.","Member Directory Link":"https://faireducationalliance.circle.so/c/member-directory-755067/?orgid=0013z00002RHz8r"},{"Account Name":"Get Further","Account ID":"0013z00002RHz8p","CASESAFEID":"0013z00002RHz8pAAD","Organisation Type":"Delivery Organisation","Date Member Last Updated URN Data":"2023-07-11","Inequality thematic focus":"Attainment; Skills development; University access and progression; Careers and employability","Region":"London","Regions tackling educational inequality":"East of England; London; North West; South East; South West; West Midlands; Yorkshire and the Humber","Beneficiary age/key stage":"","Website":"https://getfurther.org.uk/","Public email":"hello@getfurther.org.uk","Intervention description":"One in three students leave school each year without a pass in GCSE English and maths. This rises to over one in two young people from disadvantaged backgrounds. This moment affects so much of what happens next. GCSEs in English and maths are gateway qualifications. Without them, opportunities for further and higher study are dramatically reduced. These young people are also locked out of key professions. Without passes in GCSE English and maths, a young person is nine times more likely to be Not in Education Employment or Training (NEET). Our charity delivers an award-winning tuition programme that helps students from disadvantaged backgrounds in further education to pass GCSEs in English or maths. We place highly qualified, specialist English and maths tutors in further education, who deliver a bespoke curriculum that builds confidence and skills in these core subjects. Small-group tuition is proven to be the most effective intervention for improving outcomes, fast. We focus our support on students in further education - the part of our education system that serves a large proportion of young people from disadvantaged backgrounds against a backdrop of historic underfunding. Our core programme runs from September to May each year, with three entry points during the year: September (up to 30 sessions over the year), November (up to 24 sessions over the year) and January (up to 14 sessions over the year). Sessions take place weekly on college or sixth-form campuses, and each session lasts for one hour. Sessions only take place during term-time.","Member Directory Link":"https://faireducationalliance.circle.so/c/member-directory-755067/?orgid=0013z00002RHz8p"},{"Account Name":"National Literacy Trust","Account ID":"0013z00002RHz8u","CASESAFEID":"0013z00002RHz8uAAD","Organisation Type":"Delivery Organisation","Date Member Last Updated URN Data":"2023-08-18","Inequality thematic focus":"Early years; Attainment; Mental health and wellbeing; Skills development; Careers and employability","Region":"London","Regions tackling educational inequality":"East of England; East Midlands; London; North East; North West; South East; South West; West Midlands; Yorkshire and the Humber","Beneficiary age/key stage":"","Website":"https://literacytrust.org.uk/","Public email":"policy@literacytrust.org.uk","Intervention description":"For nearly 30 years, we have worked to address low literacy in disadvantaged communities across the country. In 2013, we launched our Hub model, delivering place-based interventions in areas of the UK with the highest levels of deprivation and literacy vulnerability. Our Hub approach is characterised by a mix of strategic local partnerships, community campaigns, and targeted programmatic activity in early years settings and schools. Hubs are run by local teams who have strong existing networks in these communities. Through partnership working, we assess the literacy needs and assets of the community and collaborate with the statutory sector, the private sector, and other community organisations to deliver programmes and campaigns that are tailored to meet the needs of the local area. The bespoke nature of our work is informed by two key sources of insight. The first is granular data provided by our partner, Experian. The second is the lived experience of our Literacy Champions, who are local community organisers. The aim of our Hubs is to break the cycle of intergenerational low literacy by engaging the entire community, rather than focusing solely on education settings. For example, we deliver early years campaigns to encourage parents and carers to support their children?s literacy learning at home. We work with local businesses to boost employability through initiatives such as Words for Work. We also deliver a range of evidence-based programmes in schools to develop pupils? love of reading.","Member Directory Link":"https://faireducationalliance.circle.so/c/member-directory-755067/?orgid=0013z00002RHz8u"},{"Account Name":"Kidscape","Account ID":"0013z00002rDXvW","CASESAFEID":"0013z00002rDXvWAAW","Organisation Type":"Delivery Organisation","Date Member Last Updated URN Data":"1969-12-31","Inequality thematic focus":"Attainment; Mental health and wellbeing; Skills development","Region":"South East","Regions tackling educational inequality":"East of England; East Midlands; London; North East; North West; South East; South West; West Midlands; Yorkshire and the Humber","Beneficiary age/key stage":"","Website":"www.kidscape.org.uk","Public email":"info@kidscape.org.uk","Intervention description":"Kidscape provides practical support to children and families impacted by bullying, as well as training school staff and other professionals to address bullying and protect young lives. Children and families - this includes a Parent Advice Line and monthly ZAP community workshops that teach resilience and assertiveness skills to 9-16 year olds impacted by bullying, alongside a separate workshop for parents and carers. We also deliver ZAP in schools workshops with whole class groups which help raise awareness of bullying and teach assertiveness skills, anti-bullying champions training, peer mentoring and young community leader training to children through schools and community groups. Practitioners - we deliver bullying prevention training, basic and advanced safeguarding training, RISE transition Train the Trainer, Peer Mentor Train the Trainer, Sexual harassment training and online safety training (all CPD). The majority of this work is within schools but we also deliver extensively to football clubs. We offer our work to children, families, schools and communities throughout England and Wales. In 21/22 we worked directly with 5113 children, 735 parents and carers and 2210 practitioners. Our work is delivered by Kidscape staff, freelance trainers and volunteers. We have eight staff in total, with ten freelance trainers and 25 volunteer staff.","Member Directory Link":"https://faireducationalliance.circle.so/c/member-directory-755067/?orgid=0013z00002rDXvW"},{"Account Name":"The Ernest Cook Trust","Account ID":"0013z00002gKwvi","CASESAFEID":"0013z00002gKwviAAC","Organisation Type":"Delivery Organisation","Date Member Last Updated URN Data":"2023-05-09","Inequality thematic focus":"Mental health and wellbeing; Skills development; Careers and employability","Region":"South West","Regions tackling educational inequality":"East of England; East Midlands; London; North East; North West; South East; South West; West Midlands; Yorkshire and the Humber","Beneficiary age/key stage":"Age 2-5/Foundation; Age 5-7/Key stage 1; Age 7-11/Key stage 2; Age 11-14/Key stage 3; Age 14-16/Key stage 4; Age 16-18/Key stage 5; Age 18-30","Website":"https://www.ernestcooktrust.org.uk","Public email":"learning@ernestcooktrust.org.uk","Intervention description":"The Trust delivers its impact through three strategic themes: 1. Outdoor Educators - creating a school system where nature connection is at the heart of learning; 2. Opening Outdoors ? building communities of support around underserved children and young people to empower them to engage with nature and thrive outdoors; 3. Skills for Nature ? developing skills pathways and leadership opportunities to create positive environmental change. Within these three overlapping themes are programmes and grant-funding streams including: The OWL Collaboration - this programme funds places at residential centres for children from very deprived backgrounds to experience a week of outdoor learning. Delivered in partnership with 9 outdoor learning centres, to build connections with nature. The Green Influencers Scheme - this is a youth social action programme for 10-14 year olds from deprived backgrounds to improve their local environment. The Trust funds 37 partner organisations to work with schools and youth groups in their areas. Family nature sessions, outdoor toddler groups, wellbeing groups for refugees, youth mental health etc plus funded staff in 40 other community orgs through our Outdoor Learning Officer grants. Skills training and careers for young people in land-based roles.","Member Directory Link":"https://faireducationalliance.circle.so/c/member-directory-755067/?orgid=0013z00002gKwvi"},{"Account Name":"Aspire AP","Account ID":"0013z00002efcKj","CASESAFEID":"0013z00002efcKjAAI","Organisation Type":"School","Date Member Last Updated URN Data":"1969-12-31","Inequality thematic focus":"","Region":"South East","Regions tackling educational inequality":"South East","Beneficiary age/key stage":"","Website":"https://www.aspireap.org.uk/","Public email":"drutley@aspireap.org.uk","Intervention description":"We would like to try to solve this problem by bringing teachers and school to the students. We want to create a mobile classroom that focuses on engagement through art and creativity.Art and creative working can offer students that first glimpse of success in a non threatening way. Students can use the creative process to explore their feelings and issues that prevent their return to school and talk with the teachers to explore next steps and plans to slowly return to school.These children who are not engaging with the education system can have access to culture, outdoors and others through the safe place of the Bus. The bus would be staffed by 2 adults and drive to where the children live. The first step would be to engage with them on their doorstep, we found this worked during lockdown and built relationships with families. We would then aim to take the children on the bus to cultural and outdoor places in small groups to develop social skills and connections with others, widening opportunities and encouraging curiosity. Finally the bus could move to the school site and a practical step to transition back to school.The bus could also be used as a mobile, outreach classroom for children who do not attend school regularly.","Member Directory Link":"https://faireducationalliance.circle.so/c/member-directory-755067/?orgid=0013z00002efcKj"},{"Account Name":"The Visionaries Education CIC","Account ID":"0013z00002gHCYq","CASESAFEID":"0013z00002gHCYqAAO","Organisation Type":"Delivery Organisation","Date Member Last Updated URN Data":"2023-07-10","Inequality thematic focus":"Attainment; Mental health and wellbeing; Skills development; Careers and employability","Region":"London","Regions tackling educational inequality":"East Midlands; London; North East; South East; West Midlands; Yorkshire and the Humber","Beneficiary age/key stage":"Age 11-14/Key stage 3; Age 14-16/Key stage 4; Age 16-18/Key stage 5; Age 18-30","Website":"https://www.thevisionaries.org.uk","Public email":"max@thevisionaries.org.uk","Intervention description":"We work with schools and youth organisations working with adolescents living predominantly in areas of high socio-economic deprivation around the UK. We support a network of educators to deliver a range of community-building interventions that focus on wellbeing, relationships support, connecting with nature and character development, focussed at both the young people and the adults in their lives. Our programmes work at a systems level, supporting both an individual's journey of self-discovery as well as supporting cultural development so that the young people and adults return to a more nurturing home environment. We deliver workshops in schools and residential youth camps to that support courageous learning, predominantly to youth across London. We work with state funded secondary schools mostly, and target those with higher levels of students on FSM. Our work is delivered by our core team and a network of freelance facilitators. We deliver year round, with our camps taking place mostly in summer.","Member Directory Link":"https://faireducationalliance.circle.so/c/member-directory-755067/?orgid=0013z00002gHCYq"},{"Account Name":"The Girls' Network","Account ID":"0013z00002SXrkw","CASESAFEID":"0013z00002SXrkwAAD","Organisation Type":"Delivery Organisation","Date Member Last Updated URN Data":"2023-07-18","Inequality thematic focus":"Mental health and wellbeing; Skills development; University access and progression; Careers and employability","Region":"London","Regions tackling educational inequality":"London; North East; North West; South East; South West; West Midlands","Beneficiary age/key stage":"Age 14-16/Key stage 4; Age 16-18/Key stage 5; Age 18-30","Website":"https://www.thegirlsnetwork.org.uk/","Public email":"info@thegirlsnetwork.org.uk","Intervention description":"The Girls? Network aims to inspire and empower girls aged 14-19 from the least advantaged communities, connecting them to a mentor and a network of professional role models who are women. They reach girls via relationships with schools in London, Sussex, Portsmouth, the West Midlands, Greater Manchester, the North East and Liverpool, and support over 1000 girls each year. Volunteer mentors are trained by The Girls? Network and meet their mentees at least once a month for a year. Alongside this. they provide workshops, work experience, and career roundtables. At the end of the mentoring journey, mentees become ambassadors of The Girls? Network: a free lifelong membership enabling them to continue accessing support and opportunities, and offering them a platform to have their voice heard. The Girls? Network hopes ambassadors will return as mentors once they?ve entered the world of work, helping them create a self-sustaining social movement to ensure unlimited futures for all young women.","Member Directory Link":"https://faireducationalliance.circle.so/c/member-directory-755067/?orgid=0013z00002SXrkw"},{"Account Name":"National Saturday Club","Account ID":"0013z00002SZhVX","CASESAFEID":"0013z00002SZhVXAA1","Organisation Type":"Delivery Organisation","Date Member Last Updated URN Data":"1969-12-31","Inequality thematic focus":"Attainment; Mental health and wellbeing; Skills development; University access and progression; Careers and employability","Region":"London","Regions tackling educational inequality":"East of England; East Midlands; London; North East; North West; South East; South West; West Midlands; Yorkshire and the Humber","Beneficiary age/key stage":"Age 11-14/Key stage 3; Age 14-16/Key stage 4","Website":"https://saturday-club.org","Public email":"hello@saturday-club.org","Intervention description":"The National Saturday Club gives 13?16-year-olds across the UK a unique opportunity to study subjects they love for free, on a Saturday at their local university, college or cultural institution. Saturday Clubs are currently offered in six subjects: Art&Design, Fashion&Business, Film&Media, Science&Engineering, Society&Change and Writing&Talking. In 2021?22, 1,500 young people attended 73 Saturday Clubs at 56 institutions nationwide.?With a focus on engaging young people from underrepresented groups, the National Saturday Club?s established model has proven positive impact. The programme offers a transformational opportunity to build skills, develop confidence and discover pathways to further study and future careers. Club members attend weekly Saturday classes led by expert tutors, and take part in national events throughout the year. A national network from the education, industry and cultural sectors work together in partnership to deliver these enriching extracurricular activities.","Member Directory Link":"https://faireducationalliance.circle.so/c/member-directory-755067/?orgid=0013z00002SZhVX"},{"Account Name":"Teacher Development Trust","Account ID":"0013z00002RIGQS","CASESAFEID":"0013z00002RIGQSAA5","Organisation Type":"Delivery Organisation","Date Member Last Updated URN Data":"1969-12-31","Inequality thematic focus":"Early years; Attainment","Region":"London","Regions tackling educational inequality":"East of England; East Midlands; London; North East; North West; South East; South West; West Midlands; Yorkshire and the Humber","Beneficiary age/key stage":"Age 2-5/Foundation; Age 5-7/Key stage 1; Age 7-11/Key stage 2; Age 11-14/Key stage 3; Age 14-16/Key stage 4; Age 16-18/Key stage 5","Website":"https://tdtrust.org/","Public email":"enquiries@tdtrust.org","Intervention description":"Teacher Development Trust works across England and Wales to support school leaders to unlock the potential of their staff so that all children ? and especially those from disadvantaged backgrounds ? can reap the greatest rewards from their time in school. We campaign for better professional development for all teachers and work with policy makers to see improvements in the system. Our programmes include training courses for school leaders so that they are better equipped to implement best practice around professional learning and the TDT Network; a community of hundreds of schools who are supported to collaborate and engage with expert advice in order to help teachers get better, faster. We also recently undertook two DfE funded projects focussed on supporting effective professional learning culture and commissioning in some of England?s most challenging schools, based in six opportunity areas across England. This support was delivered by school leaders on part-time secondment to TDT.","Member Directory Link":"https://faireducationalliance.circle.so/c/member-directory-755067/?orgid=0013z00002RIGQS"},{"Account Name":"Diversity Role Models","Account ID":"0013z00002SaiEC","CASESAFEID":"0013z00002SaiECAAZ","Organisation Type":"Delivery Organisation","Date Member Last Updated URN Data":"2023-07-17","Inequality thematic focus":"Attainment; Mental health and wellbeing; Skills development; University access and progression; Careers and employability","Region":"London","Regions tackling educational inequality":"London; North East; North West; South East; West Midlands","Beneficiary age/key stage":"Age 5-7/Key stage 1; Age 7-11/Key stage 2; Age 11-14/Key stage 3; Age 14-16/Key stage 4; Age 16-18/Key stage 5","Website":"https://www.diversityrolemodels.org/","Public email":"info@diversityrolemodels.org","Intervention description":"Diversity Role Models work to create inclusive learning environments where every young person can be themselves and thrive. We deliver workshops to students in primary, secondary, FE and settings outside of mainstream that empower students to challenge prejudice and promote a culture of equality and respect in their schools. With 45% of LGBT+ young people being bullied for being LGBTQ+ and the impact this can have on mental health, attendance, attainment, decisions to continue in education and life chances it is vital that schools work to prevent this bullying that disadvantages certain groups of pupils. We support staff members, governors and parents/carers to embed long lasting change in schools offering; training and support on creating effective policies and practices that challenge and prevent prejudice based bullying, creating a more inclusive and intersectional curriculum and lessons and promoting an inclusive school culture. We also offer a range of free resources to schools.","Member Directory Link":"https://faireducationalliance.circle.so/c/member-directory-755067/?orgid=0013z00002SaiEC"},{"Account Name":"Insight Outreach","Account ID":"0013z00002VxHM3","CASESAFEID":"0013z00002VxHM3AAN","Organisation Type":"Delivery Organisation","Date Member Last Updated URN Data":"2022-07-01","Inequality thematic focus":"Skills development; University access and progression; Careers and employability","Region":"London","Regions tackling educational inequality":"East of England; East Midlands; London; North East; North West; South East; South West; West Midlands; Yorkshire and the Humber","Beneficiary age/key stage":"Age 16-18/Key stage 5; Age 18-30","Website":"https://www.insightoutreach.org","Public email":"info@insightoutreach.org","Intervention description":"We run a 10-month, structured mentoring scheme. Places on the scheme are competitive, and are available to state-educated students in year 12 in England and Wales, with evidence of academic potential and aspirations of studying at top UK universities. We aim to support as many candidates as possible who are on free school meals, live in POLAR quintiles 1 or 2, are from ethnic minority groups under-represented at higher education institutions, first-generation students and care leavers. We accept 80 students a year onto our full programme. These students are matched with an Oxbridge-educated mentor who provides monthly online mentoring sessions from Mar of Year 12 to Dec of Year 13, supporting with all aspects of Oxbridge applications (course and college choice, academic discussion, admission test support, interview preparation) to help bridge the gap between our students and their privately-educated peers who receive this type of support as part and parcel of their private education.","Member Directory Link":"https://faireducationalliance.circle.so/c/member-directory-755067/?orgid=0013z00002VxHM3"},{"Account Name":"The Orwell Youth Prize","Account ID":"0013z00002RIGXY","CASESAFEID":"0013z00002RIGXYAA5","Organisation Type":"Delivery Organisation","Date Member Last Updated URN Data":"1969-12-31","Inequality thematic focus":"Attainment; Mental health and wellbeing; Skills development; University access and progression; Careers and employability","Region":"London","Regions tackling educational inequality":"East of England; East Midlands; London; North East; North West; South East; South West; West Midlands; Yorkshire and the Humber","Beneficiary age/key stage":"Age 11-14/Key stage 3; Age 14-16/Key stage 4; Age 16-18/Key stage 5","Website":"https://www.orwellfoundation.com/the-orwell-youth-prize/","Public email":"admin@orwellyouthprize.co.uk","Intervention description":"The Orwell Youth Prize is a politics and social justice based writing prize and programme for young people in school years 8-13 throughout the UK. We know not all young people receive the same support, at school and at home, especially when it comes to creative work. Because of this, we offer personalised feedback to all entrants on a draft entry, given by volunteer readers recruited from the fields of publishing, academia, civil society, and the arts. In 2023, we delivered 410 pieces of feedback, and received a total of 570 entries (entrants can resubmit following feedback, or just enter a final entry), from throughout the UK (England, Scotland, Wales and Northern Ireland). A priority for us is reaching more state schools in areas outside of London and the South East. In 2023, we ran Regional Hub events at Sunderland University and the University of Coventry (with Arts Council funding), reaching a total of 140 participants aged 14-18, from non-selective state schools in these areas.","Member Directory Link":"https://faireducationalliance.circle.so/c/member-directory-755067/?orgid=0013z00002RIGXY"},{"Account Name":"EM Tuition","Account ID":"0013z00002UCMh1","CASESAFEID":"0013z00002UCMh1AAH","Organisation Type":"Delivery Organisation","Date Member Last Updated URN Data":"1969-12-31","Inequality thematic focus":"Attainment; Mental health and wellbeing; Skills development; Other","Region":"East of England","Regions tackling educational inequality":"East of England; London; South East","Beneficiary age/key stage":"Age 2-5/Foundation; Age 5-7/Key stage 1; Age 7-11/Key stage 2; Age 11-14/Key stage 3; Age 14-16/Key stage 4; Age 16-18/Key stage 5; Age 18-30","Website":"emtuition.org.uk","Public email":"","Intervention description":"We provide a number of programmes to tackle educational inequality through a fair and inclusive approach. 1. Free online tuition for children from financially disadvantaged backgrounds through our dedicated website delivered by volunteer tutors. 2. Alternative provision provider for Essex CC, 121 specialist tuition to those that are outside of the school system for various reasons including SEN, exclusions, LACs, illnesses including mental health and school refusers. 3. Delivery 5-12 week education programmes to London NEETs to enable progress in life and work. 4. Provide English, maths and vocational qualifications to those in work on low incomes to strengthen later life income and opportunities and increase social mobility. We use the 4 R teaching method Resilience (dealing with self), Resourcefulness (the way you think), Relating (dealing with others) and Reflection (improving as a learner). Equality comes with developing social and emotional skills as well as academic attainment.","Member Directory Link":"https://faireducationalliance.circle.so/c/member-directory-755067/?orgid=0013z00002UCMh1"},{"Account Name":"Greenhouse Sports","Account ID":"0013z00002RIGQ0","CASESAFEID":"0013z00002RIGQ0AAP","Organisation Type":"Delivery Organisation","Date Member Last Updated URN Data":"2023-06-14","Inequality thematic focus":"Attainment; Mental health and wellbeing","Region":"London","Regions tackling educational inequality":"East Midlands; London; South East","Beneficiary age/key stage":"Age 5-7/Key stage 1; Age 7-11/Key stage 2; Age 11-14/Key stage 3; Age 14-16/Key stage 4; Age 16-18/Key stage 5; Other; Age 18-30","Website":"https://www.greenhousesports.org/","Public email":"info@greenhousesports.org","Intervention description":"Greenhouse Sports places a full-time sports coach in secondary schools (1/3 deprived pupils) to run a coaching and mentoring sport for development programme. Each coach will work with up to 200 participants, at least 50 of these will engage more than one hour a week. The programme aims to develop young people's Social, Thinking, Emotional and Physical skills through our unique STEP Framework. We measure this impact via a research methodology with the coaches and participants. We run 50 school programmes within Greater London reaching over 8,000 each year. Research conducted by Loughborough University showed increases in English and Maths academic performance, behaviour, attendance and punctuality for students on the GS programme compared to their peers. We also run a community sports centre in North Westminster, a Table Tennis Club with many school players ranked nationally and the London Greenhouse Pioneers basketball club with several junior teams playing at national league level.","Member Directory Link":"https://faireducationalliance.circle.so/c/member-directory-755067/?orgid=0013z00002RIGQ0"},{"Account Name":"Franklin Scholars","Account ID":"0013z00002RHsgx","CASESAFEID":"0013z00002RHsgxAAD","Organisation Type":"Delivery Organisation","Date Member Last Updated URN Data":"2023-06-27","Inequality thematic focus":"Attainment; Mental health and wellbeing; Skills development","Region":"South East","Regions tackling educational inequality":"London; South East","Beneficiary age/key stage":"Age 7-11/Key stage 2; Age 11-14/Key stage 3; Age 14-16/Key stage 4","Website":"https://www.franklinscholars.org/","Public email":"jessica@franklinscholars.org","Intervention description":"The Franklin Scholars Beacon programme sees us recruiting, training and supporting a cohort of older pupils (often Year 10s) to provide a year-long peer-mentoring intervention to younger pupils (often Year 7s) who are facing a challenging transition and are vulnerable to dips in wellbeing and progress. Programmes can contain a literacy or a numeracy focus, and provide students with the training and resources to foster a sense of belonging and purpose, while addressing the particular socio-emotional challenges of each mentee. Our facilitators provide several days of training and support to students and their coordinating teachers over the year-long programme, and students provide over 25 hours of support to each other. Buddies and Bundles is a 10-week mentoring intervention for primary aged children, using paired reading to accelerate literacy ability and develop socio-emotional skills and habits. Teacher and pupils receive one day of training, and resources for 9 weeks of sessions.","Member Directory Link":"https://faireducationalliance.circle.so/c/member-directory-755067/?orgid=0013z00002RHsgx"},{"Account Name":"Tassomai","Account ID":"0013z00002RHz92","CASESAFEID":"0013z00002RHz92AAD","Organisation Type":"Delivery Organisation","Date Member Last Updated URN Data":"1969-12-31","Inequality thematic focus":"Attainment","Region":"London","Regions tackling educational inequality":"East of England; East Midlands; London; North East; North West; South East; South West; West Midlands; Yorkshire and the Humber","Beneficiary age/key stage":"Age 7-11/Key stage 2; Age 11-14/Key stage 3; Age 14-16/Key stage 4","Website":"http://www.tassomai.com","Public email":"enquiries@tassomai.com","Intervention description":"We believe that by widening access to educational technology and online learning tools we are supporting learners who don't have support such as private tuition. We appreciate that there are still inequalities and access to devices for example, can limit opportunities. By making Tassomai accessible to schools and making our product more affordable and better value each year, we hope we are helping schools to tackle inequality. We also go out of our way to take part in schemes such as PiXL Build Up, an initiative to help the most disadvantaged students by providing schools with free accounts. During the Covid-19 pandemic we made our product free for all secondary schools while schools close and we cut prices for primary age groups by 75%. We have recently created an option for parents who get Tassomai through schools to access the same benefits as a private subscriber at a vastly reduced price. We also plan to work with schools to make this free for Pupil Premium students in future.","Member Directory Link":"https://faireducationalliance.circle.so/c/member-directory-755067/?orgid=0013z00002RHz92"},{"Account Name":"NCFE","Account ID":"0013z00002SZhVb","CASESAFEID":"0013z00002SZhVbAAL","Organisation Type":"Delivery Organisation","Date Member Last Updated URN Data":"1969-12-31","Inequality thematic focus":"Mental health and wellbeing; Skills development","Region":"North East","Regions tackling educational inequality":"East of England; East Midlands; London; North East; North West; South East; South West; West Midlands; Yorkshire and the Humber","Beneficiary age/key stage":"Age 16-18/Key stage 5; Age 18-30","Website":"https://www.ncfe.org.uk","Public email":"","Intervention description":"One of the ways we advance and promote learning is through our social investment strategy. We have four social investment priorities: young people choosing or in the early stages of their careers, disadvantaged learners, those impacted by industry 4.0 and second chancers. There are three strands to this work: how we deliver against this as employer, how we deliver against this as a service provider and how we deliver against this through external social investments. For example: a. Partnering with WorldSkills UK to deliver a Centre of Excellence which creates a unique tutor CPD programme and in the process positively impacts the life chances of a number of learners with a particular focus on improving social mobility b. Acquiring Campaign For Learning in order to ensure its long term future and support the work that its known for. In particular, to support family practitioners who drive family learning and to support L&D leads to campaign for learning opportunities in the workplace","Member Directory Link":"https://faireducationalliance.circle.so/c/member-directory-755067/?orgid=0013z00002SZhVb"},{"Account Name":"Place2Be","Account ID":"0013z00002RsDjY","CASESAFEID":"0013z00002RsDjYAAV","Organisation Type":"Delivery Organisation","Date Member Last Updated URN Data":"2023-06-30","Inequality thematic focus":"Mental health and wellbeing","Region":"London","Regions tackling educational inequality":"East of England; East Midlands; London; North East; North West; South East; South West; West Midlands; Yorkshire and the Humber","Beneficiary age/key stage":"Age 5-7/Key stage 1; Age 7-11/Key stage 2; Age 11-14/Key stage 3; Age 14-16/Key stage 4","Website":"www.place2be.org.uk","Public email":"press@place2be.org.uk","Intervention description":"Place2Be provides expert support in schools to improve children's mental health, so they can thrive and get the most from their education. We work in schools with higher levels of social deprivation, and create safe spaces in schools to allow children and young people to open up about what?s worrying them. We provide a variety of services and resources in schools so a student can access the support that best fits their needs. Of pupils who accessed Place2Be?s one-to-one weekly counselling support, 43% received free school meals, 43% were eligible for Pupil Premium and 6% were the subject of a child protection plan. We are building a diverse & inclusive workforce that is truly representative of school communities, including launching a new qualification route, making our training materials accessible, & chairing a mental health sector-wide Diversity and Inclusion Coalition for counselling training providers. We have also an EDI action plan that outlines our inclusivity commitments.","Member Directory Link":"https://faireducationalliance.circle.so/c/member-directory-755067/?orgid=0013z00002RsDjY"},{"Account Name":"Smart School Councils","Account ID":"0013z00002SZhXf","CASESAFEID":"0013z00002SZhXfAAL","Organisation Type":"Delivery Organisation","Date Member Last Updated URN Data":"2023-06-30","Inequality thematic focus":"Skills development","Region":"London","Regions tackling educational inequality":"East of England; East Midlands; London; North East; North West; South East; South West; West Midlands; Yorkshire and the Humber","Beneficiary age/key stage":"","Website":"https://www.smartschoolcouncils.org.uk","Public email":"membership@smartschoolcouncils.org.uk","Intervention description":"Smart School Councils - Smart School Councils is a charity helping every child to lead change in their world through democracy and debate, with a focus on supporting children who experience disadvantage. We do this by through Smart School Councils and Big Debate club. SSC - By supporting our 400 member schools with a whole school programme of democracy that involves every student in pupil voice. This engages 60,000 children per week using our digital debate tool which boosts school democratic participation from 7% to 100% in just one term. BDC - We target 2 issues: the impact of low levels of oracy among disadvantaged young people and poor transition has a negative impact on young people?s wellbeing and academic achievement. Through going into schools to support student presenters debate social issues/transition issues, we use the videos to host national debates where up to 4,000 interactions. In our last school, 45% of participants recorded better than expected progress in oracy.","Member Directory Link":"https://faireducationalliance.circle.so/c/member-directory-755067/?orgid=0013z00002SZhXf"},{"Account Name":"Villiers Park Educational Trust","Account ID":"0013z00002RIGQf","CASESAFEID":"0013z00002RIGQfAAP","Organisation Type":"Delivery Organisation","Date Member Last Updated URN Data":"2023-06-29","Inequality thematic focus":"Attainment; Mental health and wellbeing; Skills development; University access and progression; Careers and employability","Region":"East of England","Regions tackling educational inequality":"East of England; North East; South East; South West","Beneficiary age/key stage":"Age 14-16/Key stage 4; Age 16-18/Key stage 5; Age 18-30","Website":"http://www.villierspark.org.uk/","Public email":"vp@villierspark.org.uk","Intervention description":"We work directly with under-represented young people through our Future Leaders Programme, which supports young people aged 14-19 to be aspirational and plan pathways with the knowledge and experiences they need to fulfil their potential. There are three key strands: 1-1 coaching with a Villiers Park Progression Coach; workshops and courses that develop skills and knowledge; and social action project Leadership Challenge. Interventions take place in one of four hubs, complemented by residentials and courses and resources online. The unique four-year programme enables Future Leaders to map out what they need to achieve their goals and make informed education, career and life choices. More details about the core elements of the programme are here: https://www.villierspark.org.uk/futureleaders. Through our partnership work, drawing on our expertise and experiences of Future Leaders, we also support other organisations to develop inclusive work environments and recruitment strategies.","Member Directory Link":"https://faireducationalliance.circle.so/c/member-directory-755067/?orgid=0013z00002RIGQf"},{"Account Name":"Bite Back 2030","Account ID":"0013z00002SZhQQ","CASESAFEID":"0013z00002SZhQQAA1","Organisation Type":"Delivery Organisation","Date Member Last Updated URN Data":"2023-06-16","Inequality thematic focus":"Attainment; Mental health and wellbeing; Skills development; Other","Region":"London","Regions tackling educational inequality":"East of England; East Midlands; London; North East; North West; South East; South West; West Midlands; Yorkshire and the Humber","Beneficiary age/key stage":"","Website":"https://www.biteback2030.com","Public email":"hannah.cohen@biteback2030.com","Intervention description":"SFC empowers pupils to deliver social action to improve their school food, develop their leadership skills & support socio-emotional development. We target KS3 as a first step into activism through our campaigning movement. We train teachers & provide resources for delegated delivery, offer support & guidance, share best practice & visit schools to offer insight & work with pupils. After two years of an extracurricular model, we received funding from #iWill for another two cohorts from Sept 23. The programme has evolved, beginning with assemblies & sessions for whole year groups on the injustices of the food system, such as the tricks of the advertising industry. Some content is delivered by activists from our Youth Boards who are trained as paid facilitators to visit schools & inspire the next generation. Once the school is engaged in the issues, teachers run a condensed version of SFC. Two pupils per school also join a network, coming together with peers to drive systemic change","Member Directory Link":"https://faireducationalliance.circle.so/c/member-directory-755067/?orgid=0013z00002SZhQQ"},{"Account Name":"Save the Children","Account ID":"0013z00002RIGQO","CASESAFEID":"0013z00002RIGQOAA5","Organisation Type":"Delivery Organisation","Date Member Last Updated URN Data":"1969-12-31","Inequality thematic focus":"Early years","Region":"London","Regions tackling educational inequality":"London; North West; South East; Yorkshire and the Humber","Beneficiary age/key stage":"","Website":"https://www.savethechildren.org.uk/","Public email":"ra.parkin@savethechildren.org.uk","Intervention description":"We are running three Early Learning Communities, and two Children's Communities in England. These are place-based systems change initiatives, working in partnership with organisations and local people in Feltham (West London), Margate, Sheffield, Smallshaw-Hurst (Tameside, Greater Manchester) and Wallsend (North Tyneside), to improve outcomes for children in the early years (ELCs) and from cradle to career (CCs). These are long-term committments to systemic change, focussed on working on the specific challenges, opportunities and with the assets that each community offers, All of the areas that we work in are based on child poverty data, plus relevant EY or school attainment data, and opportunities with partners as we test this approaches. Save the Children takes a particular interest in the impact of poverty on the ability of parents to engage with their childrens' learning at home and in settings, and campaign against child poverty, as well as running a grant based HLE programme","Member Directory Link":"https://faireducationalliance.circle.so/c/member-directory-755067/?orgid=0013z00002RIGQO"},{"Account Name":"Tales Toolkit","Account ID":"0013z00002RHz91","CASESAFEID":"0013z00002RHz91AAD","Organisation Type":"Delivery Organisation","Date Member Last Updated URN Data":"1969-12-31","Inequality thematic focus":"Early years; Attainment; Mental health and wellbeing","Region":"London","Regions tackling educational inequality":"East of England; East Midlands; London; North East; North West; South East; South West; West Midlands; Yorkshire and the Humber","Beneficiary age/key stage":"Age 2-5/Foundation; Age 5-7/Key stage 1","Website":"http://www.talestoolkit.com","Public email":"info@talestoolkit.com","Intervention description":"Tales Toolkit provides interactive, child led resources aimed at early years, using symbols representing story structure. Our focus is developing quality interactions which improve language, social skills, creativity, problem solving and literacy. Research based online training brings together experts to support development of these skills. Children with communication difficulties, SEND, EAL and social emotional difficulties are supported through sensitive interactions where the combination of symbols, props, actions, songs and clear repeated structure supports learning and enables them to access play of their peers. Research shows children from disadvantaged backgrounds often don?t have the same quality interactions with their families. We engage these children in playful storytelling where ideas are valued and their voice is heard. Tales Toolkit is delivered by staff in school. Tales Toolkit practise becomes embedded across the day, in different lessons and in play and at home.","Member Directory Link":"https://faireducationalliance.circle.so/c/member-directory-755067/?orgid=0013z00002RHz91"},{"Account Name":"Revolution Hive","Account ID":"0013z00002SZSin","CASESAFEID":"0013z00002SZSinAAH","Organisation Type":"Delivery Organisation","Date Member Last Updated URN Data":"2023-08-14","Inequality thematic focus":"Attainment; Mental health and wellbeing; Skills development; University access and progression; Careers and employability","Region":"East Midlands","Regions tackling educational inequality":"East of England; East Midlands; London; North East; North West; South East; South West; West Midlands; Yorkshire and the Humber","Beneficiary age/key stage":"","Website":"https://www.revolutionhive.com/","Public email":"louis@revolutionhive.com","Intervention description":"The current education system - which places academic attainment at its epicentre rather than the holistic development of the child - the current curriculum falls ?well short of its full potential? (Curriculum for Life, 2016). Revolution Hive was born out of the necessity and urgency to address a dire deficiency in our education system: a curriculum that equips students for real life. Our mission is to empower young people with the skills, knowledge and mindset to thrive in the 21st century through a holistic curriculum that nurtures their personal, social and global (PSG) development. Our vision is that every young person has access to this rounded education. We have pursed this mission through various interventions, taking over 11000 students nationwide through parts of our PSG curriculum. Our curriculum consists of the 16 life skills topics our research has shown are most neglected & or in demand currently, these are delivered in person/online to youth in educational settings.","Member Directory Link":"https://faireducationalliance.circle.so/c/member-directory-755067/?orgid=0013z00002SZSin"},{"Account Name":"The Reading Agency","Account ID":"0013z00002RIGQb","CASESAFEID":"0013z00002RIGQbAAP","Organisation Type":"Delivery Organisation","Date Member Last Updated URN Data":"2023-07-03","Inequality thematic focus":"Early years; Attainment; Mental health and wellbeing; Skills development; University access and progression; Careers and employability; Other","Region":"London","Regions tackling educational inequality":"East of England; East Midlands; London; North East; North West; South East; South West; West Midlands; Yorkshire and the Humber","Beneficiary age/key stage":"","Website":"https://readingagency.org.uk/","Public email":"carina.spaulding@readingagency.org.uk","Intervention description":"The Reading Agency is a UK charity with a mission to empower people of all ages to read. In the UK, 1 in 6 adults struggle to read and 1 in 4 children cannot read well by the age of 11. This limits life chances and choices. Our work is changing this. Reading for pleasure and empowerment makes us more aware and informed. It helps us grow our imaginations. It makes us more empathetic and understanding of other people and cultures. It supports our health and wellbeing. It increases our ability to learn new skills. It helps us to communicate our ideas more effectively. It opens doors. It brings joy. We know that not everyone has an equal start in life, so we champion the proven power of reading by providing activities for all ages and backgrounds. We support readers to create social connections, improve their reading skills and manage their health and wellbeing through reading. Working with libraries, prisons, and other community settings, we reached over 2 million people last year.","Member Directory Link":"https://faireducationalliance.circle.so/c/member-directory-755067/?orgid=0013z00002RIGQb"},{"Account Name":"Books Beyond Words","Account ID":"0013z00002UDrgr","CASESAFEID":"0013z00002UDrgrAAD","Organisation Type":"Delivery Organisation","Date Member Last Updated URN Data":"2022-07-28","Inequality thematic focus":"Mental health and wellbeing","Region":"London","Regions tackling educational inequality":"East of England; East Midlands; London; North East; North West; South East; South West; West Midlands; Yorkshire and the Humber","Beneficiary age/key stage":"Age 2-5/Foundation; Age 5-7/Key stage 1; Age 7-11/Key stage 2; Age 11-14/Key stage 3; Age 14-16/Key stage 4; Age 16-18/Key stage 5; Age 18-30","Website":"www.booksbeyondwords.co.uk","Public email":"lalexander@booksbeyondwords.co.uk","Intervention description":"Our Open Book Pilot introduced teachers in 21 Special Schools across the country and one Primary School to the Beyond Words resources and provided face-to-face training consolidated with an eLearning Foundation Module. The trained staff then used the resources in class/group reading and storytelling sessions with all their students. This phase culminated in a conference to review and share progress. Phase 2 introduced an eLearning Education Module focusing on Beyond Words resources for the SEMH curriculum. Staff from phase 1 cascaded their knowledge and experience, recruiting additional staff who also received face-to-face training and eLearning. Staff used the Beyond Words resources to carry out two terms of one-to-one and small group reading sessions, often dealing with sensitive subjects such as bereavement and trauma. Following this Pilot we wish to bring our resources and storytelling approach to more schools building an Open Book Community of schools over the next 3 years.","Member Directory Link":"https://faireducationalliance.circle.so/c/member-directory-755067/?orgid=0013z00002UDrgr"},{"Account Name":"Equal Education","Account ID":"0013z00002SZhSc","CASESAFEID":"0013z00002SZhScAAL","Organisation Type":"Delivery Organisation","Date Member Last Updated URN Data":"1969-12-31","Inequality thematic focus":"Attainment; Mental health and wellbeing; Skills development; University access and progression","Region":"London","Regions tackling educational inequality":"East of England; East Midlands; London; North East; North West; South East; South West; West Midlands; Yorkshire and the Humber","Beneficiary age/key stage":"Age 5-7/Key stage 1; Age 7-11/Key stage 2; Age 11-14/Key stage 3; Age 14-16/Key stage 4; Age 16-18/Key stage 5","Website":"https://www.equal.education/","Public email":"kim@equaleducation.co.uk","Intervention description":"Equal Education works closely with Local Authority stakeholders to provide effective interventions for young people. By working with students with some of the most acute needs, our tutors provide pastoral and educational support to raise engagement, academic attainment and improve outcomes. We have devised a Mentoring/Transition program that focuses on resilience to get the young people ready for tuition or to build life skills and assist with their emotional and social development. This includes a focus on communication/interaction, emotional understanding and self-awareness. We recruit only qualified teachers with skills, knowledge and experience of working with vulnerable children (e.g trauma and attachment awareness). We manage the process from the initial referral to the final session, maintaining strong communication throughout and ensuring additional support is provided where necessary. We provide an extra layer of safeguarding and valuable support for these young people.","Member Directory Link":"https://faireducationalliance.circle.so/c/member-directory-755067/?orgid=0013z00002SZhSc"},{"Account Name":"Jacari","Account ID":"0013z00002UBbQJ","CASESAFEID":"0013z00002UBbQJAA1","Organisation Type":"Delivery Organisation","Date Member Last Updated URN Data":"2023-06-27","Inequality thematic focus":"Attainment; Mental health and wellbeing; Skills development","Region":"South West","Regions tackling educational inequality":"South East; South West","Beneficiary age/key stage":"Age 5-7/Key stage 1; Age 7-11/Key stage 2; Age 11-14/Key stage 3; Age 14-16/Key stage 4","Website":"https://www.jacari.org/","Public email":"anna@jacari.org","Intervention description":"We tackle the educational inequality faced by children who speak English as an additional language through our bespoke tuition programme. We work closely with local primary and secondary schools, who identify EAL children who are from disadvantaged backgrounds and are in need of some extra help or are struggling at school. We match each referred child with a volunteer, the majority of whom are university students, recruited and trained by us. These volunteers provide the young people with free (usually 1:1) tuition for an hour a week during term time, either at home, at school or online. The tutoring sessions are fun, relaxed and informal, with a focus on helping the children?s confidence grow. The volunteers concentrate on the specific areas that the young people need help with, providing the tailored support that the young people so often miss out on in school. In addition to this support, we also organise fun extracurricular trips for the children to places like Bristol Zoo.","Member Directory Link":"https://faireducationalliance.circle.so/c/member-directory-755067/?orgid=0013z00002UBbQJ"},{"Account Name":"Governors for Schools","Account ID":"0013z00002RHsh1","CASESAFEID":"0013z00002RHsh1AAD","Organisation Type":"Membership Body / Union","Date Member Last Updated URN Data":"2022-07-08","Inequality thematic focus":"Early years; Attainment; Mental health and wellbeing; Skills development; University access and progression; Careers and employability; Other","Region":"North West","Regions tackling educational inequality":"East of England; East Midlands; London; North East; North West; South East; South West; West Midlands; Yorkshire and the Humber","Beneficiary age/key stage":"","Website":"https://www.governorsforschools.org.uk/","Public email":"hannah.stolton@governorsforschools.org.uk","Intervention description":"Governors for Schools placed 2046 volunteers into governance roles within 1654 schools across England and Wales between 01.04.22 - 31.03.23. Our approach to tackling educational inequality is to ensure information and training is made available to these volunteers, and others in the sector, to support informed decision making in schools. We run monthly free webinars which cover a wide variety of topics which help governance volunteers in their roles. These were attended by 7,000 people within our last financial year. Our most recent financial year saw the completion of our All Pupils, Every Ambition campaign which provided free resources, webinars and panel discussions to give volunteers the knowledge to look at and challenge disadvantage within their schools. In May 2023 we ran our Counting the Cost campaign, partnering with a wide range of partners to look at the impact of the cost of living in schools and provide guidance to support volunteers to help schools navigate these.","Member Directory Link":"https://faireducationalliance.circle.so/c/member-directory-755067/?orgid=0013z00002RHsh1"},{"Account Name":"The Country Trust","Account ID":"0013z00002UCMin","CASESAFEID":"0013z00002UCMinAAH","Organisation Type":"Delivery Organisation","Date Member Last Updated URN Data":"2023-08-03","Inequality thematic focus":"Early years; Attainment; Mental health and wellbeing","Region":"East of England","Regions tackling educational inequality":"East of England; East Midlands; London; North East; North West; South East; West Midlands; Yorkshire and the Humber","Beneficiary age/key stage":"Age 5-7/Key stage 1; Age 7-11/Key stage 2; Other","Website":"https://www.countrytrust.org.uk","Public email":"info@countrytrust.org.uk","Intervention description":"During 2021 we connected over 43,500 primary children with the land that sustains us all through: 1 Day visits to real working farms 2 Residential visits to the countryside 3 Yearlong programmes exploring every aspect of growing, cooking, selling food. 4 Farm centred education in schools - Farm in a Box We aim to empower children to be curious and confident and form connections. With our network of farmer hosts we provide consistently high quality, impactful experiences for all children, whether they are part of a mainstream school group, a visit for newly arrived refugee families or have complex needs. We are confident that all our programmes offer opportunities for experiential learning that most of the children would not normally have, giving them a better understanding of where and how their food is produced and building their confidence in the countryside. The children?s enjoyment increases their interest in learning, and reluctant learners have the opportunity to engage.","Member Directory Link":"https://faireducationalliance.circle.so/c/member-directory-755067/?orgid=0013z00002UCMin"},{"Account Name":"Be Her Lead","Account ID":"0013z00002SZhQ6","CASESAFEID":"0013z00002SZhQ6AAL","Organisation Type":"Delivery Organisation","Date Member Last Updated URN Data":"2022-07-28","Inequality thematic focus":"Mental health and wellbeing; Skills development; University access and progression; Careers and employability","Region":"South West","Regions tackling educational inequality":"East of England; East Midlands; London; North East; North West; South East; South West; West Midlands; Yorkshire and the Humber","Beneficiary age/key stage":"Age 11-14/Key stage 3; Age 14-16/Key stage 4; Age 16-18/Key stage 5","Website":"https://www.beherlead.com/","Public email":"nell@beherlead.com","Intervention description":"We empower women in schools to empower girls. We do this by training, supporting and connecting female teachers to run workshops to boost confidence, wellbeing, resilience and aspirations for girls they select as needing support. We also foster a community of female teachers and students through events like our conference. We run 2 term-long programmes per academic year, which are open to any interested state-funded schools in the UK. We have so far delivered programmes in London & Greater London, Bedfordshire, Kent, Brighton & Hove, and in Nottinghamshire. Our programme lasts for one academic term, but we offer it as a 'springboard' programme, encouraging teachers to continue running workshops and being active in our network. Our work is primarily delivered by our 4 co-founders, 2 of whom are full-time Directors. We also work with a range of other organisations and volunteers who facilitate teacher training, visit schools as role models, and support the running of our events.","Member Directory Link":"https://faireducationalliance.circle.so/c/member-directory-755067/?orgid=0013z00002SZhQ6"},{"Account Name":"AccessEd","Account ID":"0013z00002Rt5c2","CASESAFEID":"0013z00002Rt5c2AAB","Organisation Type":"Delivery Organisation","Date Member Last Updated URN Data":"1969-12-31","Inequality thematic focus":"Skills development; University access and progression","Region":"London","Regions tackling educational inequality":"East of England; East Midlands; London; North East; North West; South East; South West; West Midlands; Yorkshire and the Humber","Beneficiary age/key stage":"Age 7-11/Key stage 2; Age 11-14/Key stage 3; Age 14-16/Key stage 4; Age 16-18/Key stage 5","Website":"https://www.access-ed.ngo/","Public email":"hello@access-ed.ngo","Intervention description":"AccessEd?s specialism is in joined-up support for post-16 destination routes for under-represented young people. Since establishment, AccessEd has been a proponent for fair access to higher education in the UK through: (1) ReachUni, a free online programme (?explore? >?stretch? >?apply?) that gives school/college students guidance for those who are interested in university but need some extra help deciding (2) Access to free resources and subject materials for students to ?stretch? themselves (including our Research-Based Curricula coursebooks for which can be downloaded online), and a suite of resources on how to ?apply? to university. (3) Working with UK universities to get these to students who need it the most (not just most-able) as a part of their widening participation strategy through digital innovation projects and special curriculum boosters focusing on state schools (4) Working with partners and industry to interject future skills development into digital resources","Member Directory Link":"https://faireducationalliance.circle.so/c/member-directory-755067/?orgid=0013z00002Rt5c2"},{"Account Name":"Teach First","Account ID":"0013z00002QFvJf","CASESAFEID":"0013z00002QFvJfAAL","Organisation Type":"Delivery Organisation","Date Member Last Updated URN Data":"2023-07-03","Inequality thematic focus":"Attainment; Mental health and wellbeing; Skills development; University access and progression; Careers and employability","Region":"London","Regions tackling educational inequality":"East of England; East Midlands; London; North East; North West; South East; South West; West Midlands; Yorkshire and the Humber","Beneficiary age/key stage":"Age 2-5/Foundation; Age 5-7/Key stage 1; Age 7-11/Key stage 2; Age 11-14/Key stage 3; Age 14-16/Key stage 4","Website":"https://www.teachfirst.org.uk/","Public email":"externalrelations@teachfirst.org.uk","Intervention description":"Pupil numbers are growing. Teachers are leaving the profession. New teacher numbers are dropping. It affects the whole of the UK, but disadvantaged communities suffer most. Our talented leaders and teachers are part of the answer. We pair them with schools facing the biggest challenges, and give them the support and networks to thrive. TRAINING PROGRAMME - One of the UK's top graduate schemes, we train around 1,700 new teachers each year. At the start of our two year programme, trainees spend 6 weeks studying over the summer before starting in the classroom that September. TIME TO TEACH - We encourage career changers to use their experience and leadership skills in the classroom. LEADERSHIP PROGRAMMES - We train middle and senior leaders through our Careers Leader and NPQ-accredited School Leader programmes. CAREERS LEADERS PROGRAMME - We train teachers to design and implement careers curriculums in school and partner with CEC in the delivery of careers education at primary.","Member Directory Link":"https://faireducationalliance.circle.so/c/member-directory-755067/?orgid=0013z00002QFvJf"},{"Account Name":"West London Zone","Account ID":"0013z00002VyI8N","CASESAFEID":"0013z00002VyI8NAAV","Organisation Type":"Delivery Organisation","Date Member Last Updated URN Data":"2023-06-20","Inequality thematic focus":"Early years; Attainment; Mental health and wellbeing; Skills development","Region":"London","Regions tackling educational inequality":"London","Beneficiary age/key stage":"","Website":"https://www.westlondonzone.org/","Public email":"aberwick@westlondonzone.org","Intervention description":"We help CYP build the relationships and skills they need to get on track socially, emotionally and academically to thrive in adulthood. We do this by building trusted relationships, providing specialist support and joining up each child?s support system, including families, schools and local organisations, to deliver a personalised plan for each child. We have a team of trusted adults - Link Workers - who are based in the child?s school and see them every day. They guide, support and champion each child and are responsible for designing and facilitating each child?s 2-year programme with them, their families and teachers. We work with over 40 specialist delivery partners to provide specialist support, working closely with schools to assess where extra provision is needed and commission partners to address these gaps. Link Workers also link children to existing opportunities in the community which they might not otherwise be aware of. These are always local and free/low cost.","Member Directory Link":"https://faireducationalliance.circle.so/c/member-directory-755067/?orgid=0013z00002VyI8N"},{"Account Name":"Tellmi","Account ID":"0013z00002RIGQ4","CASESAFEID":"0013z00002RIGQ4AAP","Organisation Type":"Delivery Organisation","Date Member Last Updated URN Data":"1969-12-31","Inequality thematic focus":"Mental health and wellbeing","Region":"London","Regions tackling educational inequality":"East of England; East Midlands; London; North East; North West; South East; South West; West Midlands; Yorkshire and the Humber","Beneficiary age/key stage":"Age 11-14/Key stage 3; Age 14-16/Key stage 4; Age 16-18/Key stage 5; Age 18-30","Website":"https://www.tellmi.help/","Public email":"info@tellmi.help","Intervention description":"Our mission is to improve wellbeing by providing mental help at a global scale. Our flagship service is the multi-award winning Tellmi app that delivers anonymous, pre-moderated peer support to young people aged 11 ? 25 in the UK. In response to demand from schools and councils, we have also developed the Tellmi service for schools that works alongside the app to enable staff to provide better, more targeted psychological support. The Tellmi app improves attainment, educational outcomes and reduces educational inequalities by providing immediate in-app access to peer support, educational resources and a broad range of third party support services. This gives young people the tools to either help themselves, or to access targeted support before their problems escalate. Tellmi Education is led by Co-CEOs Suzi Godson and Kerstyn Comley, a team of trained moderators, counsellors, a sales and engagement manager, marketing, research assistants, UX designer and software developers.","Member Directory Link":"https://faireducationalliance.circle.so/c/member-directory-755067/?orgid=0013z00002RIGQ4"},{"Account Name":"Bookmark Reading Charity","Account ID":"0013z00002TvA5P","CASESAFEID":"0013z00002TvA5PAAV","Organisation Type":"Delivery Organisation","Date Member Last Updated URN Data":"2023-06-28","Inequality thematic focus":"Attainment; Mental health and wellbeing","Region":"London","Regions tackling educational inequality":"East of England; East Midlands; London; North East; North West; South East; South West; West Midlands; Yorkshire and the Humber","Beneficiary age/key stage":"Age 5-7/Key stage 1; Age 7-11/Key stage 2","Website":"https://www.bookmarkreading.org/","Public email":"info@bookmarkreading.org","Intervention description":"We bring one-to-one reading support to children (Years 1-5) who are at risk of not meeting the expected standard of reading. Class teachers refer these children to our reading programme, with more than 3 in 4 children referred either being disadvantaged (defined as receiving Pupil Premium payments), or having English as an Additional Language. Our literacy interventions are proven to deliver huge benefits to these children, who otherwise wouldn?t have access to the dedicated reading support or resources they need to catch up with their peers. Our programme consists of twice-weekly, 30-minute one-to-one reading sessions with a trained volunteer, for a period of 6 weeks. These can take place online, or face-to-face at the child?s school. The sessions - designed using an evidence base from the Education Endowment Foundation - cover level-appropriate reading, as well as literacy games. They are proven to positively impact children?s reading attainment, enjoyment and confidence.","Member Directory Link":"https://faireducationalliance.circle.so/c/member-directory-755067/?orgid=0013z00002TvA5P"},{"Account Name":"First Star Scholars UK","Account ID":"0013z00002SZ2vA","CASESAFEID":"0013z00002SZ2vAAAT","Organisation Type":"Delivery Organisation","Date Member Last Updated URN Data":"2022-07-13","Inequality thematic focus":"Attainment; Skills development; University access and progression; Careers and employability","Region":"London","Regions tackling educational inequality":"East of England; East Midlands; London; South East; West Midlands","Beneficiary age/key stage":"","Website":"https://www.firststaruk.org/","Public email":"lorna.goodwin@firststaruk.org","Intervention description":"The programme brings young people aged 14-18 onto university campus's each year for a 4 year programme supporting academic development, life skills and immersion in the HE experience. Each cohort has up to 30 scholars who also attend monthly sessions throughout the 4 years. Sessions include 1-1, group and class activities; all scholars are care experienced and can be from anywhere in the UK. GCSE math, English and science are prioritised along with study skills, leadership, transition skills' digital and financial literacy, well-being and post 16 / post 18 applications and pathways. Tutors and life skills coaches, subject mentors and our own youth coaches support scholars throughout the 4 years especially during the 3-4 week residentials. Our programme is individualised, supporting scholars by filling their learning and development gaps - family orientated - becoming part of the first star family is central to the experience and long term - offering stability and aspiration","Member Directory Link":"https://faireducationalliance.circle.so/c/member-directory-755067/?orgid=0013z00002SZ2vA"},{"Account Name":"Purposeful Ventures","Account ID":"0013z00002RIGPb","CASESAFEID":"0013z00002RIGPbAAP","Organisation Type":"Delivery Organisation","Date Member Last Updated URN Data":"1969-12-31","Inequality thematic focus":"Early years; Attainment; Mental health and wellbeing; Skills development; University access and progression; Careers and employability","Region":"London","Regions tackling educational inequality":"East of England; East Midlands; London; North East; North West; South East; South West; West Midlands; Yorkshire and the Humber","Beneficiary age/key stage":"Age 2-5/Foundation; Age 5-7/Key stage 1; Age 7-11/Key stage 2; Age 11-14/Key stage 3; Age 14-16/Key stage 4; Age 16-18/Key stage 5","Website":"https://arkonline.org/","Public email":"michael.clark@arkonline.org","Intervention description":"Ark Ventures team supports incubated ventures as follows: 1) Ventures Team Support: Hands on business and strategic support and challenge from the Ark Ventures team, doing whatever is needed to give the ventures the best chance of success. 2) Operational support: Option to share Ark?s Finance, HR & IT systems and functions; Comms, Fundraising and Events advice and support;Office space 3) Investment: While the venture leader remain responsible for fundraising, we support our ventures with introductions, help with bid writing and the credibility of the Ark brand. In some circumstances, we may provide limited direct financial investment or financially support ventures by underwriting operations while other fundraising is ongoing 4) Ark Network and reputation: Opportunity to collaborate deeply with Ark Schools & other Ark ventures; Benefit from Ark?s proven track record within the sector and of launching and scaling new ventures Access to Ark?s network of supporters and funders","Member Directory Link":"https://faireducationalliance.circle.so/c/member-directory-755067/?orgid=0013z00002RIGPb"},{"Account Name":"Spiral Skills","Account ID":"0013z00002RHz8y","CASESAFEID":"0013z00002RHz8yAAD","Organisation Type":"Delivery Organisation","Date Member Last Updated URN Data":"2023-08-23","Inequality thematic focus":"Attainment; Mental health and wellbeing; Skills development; University access and progression; Careers and employability","Region":"London","Regions tackling educational inequality":"London","Beneficiary age/key stage":"Age 11-14/Key stage 3; Age 14-16/Key stage 4; Age 16-18/Key stage 5; Age 18-30","Website":"http://www.myspiral.co.uk/","Public email":"ben@myspiral.co.uk","Intervention description":"At Spiral we support young people with interactive workshops, mentoring, work experience and jobs. At Spiral we value fun, believing that our target young people (let down by the school system) learn more effectively when they are enjoying themselves. Our 10 session interactive workshops develop key essential skills through interactive workshops and team building exercises. We invite exciting professionals into the classroom where young people take on live briefs and model what they do in the working world learning directly from current professionals. Post programme, young people are supported through our virtual mentoring programme, into work experience and into jobs. Spiral works with young people that are from under-represented groups, often with additional educational needs or have English as an additional language. These young people, whilst being engaging, dynamic and wanting a brighter future, often display challenging behaviour, are at risk of exclusion or in PRUs.","Member Directory Link":"https://faireducationalliance.circle.so/c/member-directory-755067/?orgid=0013z00002RHz8y"},{"Account Name":"Ambition Institute","Account ID":"0013z00002RIGPa","CASESAFEID":"0013z00002RIGPaAAP","Organisation Type":"Delivery Organisation","Date Member Last Updated URN Data":"2023-08-03","Inequality thematic focus":"Early years; Attainment; Mental health and wellbeing","Region":"London","Regions tackling educational inequality":"East of England; East Midlands; London; North East; North West; South East; South West; West Midlands; Yorkshire and the Humber","Beneficiary age/key stage":"Age 5-7/Key stage 1; Age 7-11/Key stage 2; Age 11-14/Key stage 3; Age 14-16/Key stage 4; Age 16-18/Key stage 5","Website":"https://www.ambition.org.uk/","Public email":"miguel.herdade@ambition.org.uk","Intervention description":"We help schools tackling educational disadvantage to keep getting better, and help their teachers and school leaders to become more expert over time. That?s how we?ll make sure every child gets a great education and the best possible start in life. - We train teachers and leaders at all levels to get better at the things that make the biggest difference: what you teach, how you teach it, and how you create the conditions for schools to thrive. - We share what works. Everyone can benefit from evidence of how great teaching and leadership can improve schools and change lives, so we connect people to the latest research and the best practice out there. - We champion every educator?s potential to develop, as the driving force for sustainable school improvement Our evidence-based professional development programmes support educators at every stage ? from early career teachers through to CEOs leading multiple schools, and all the crucial teaching and leadership roles in between.","Member Directory Link":"https://faireducationalliance.circle.so/c/member-directory-755067/?orgid=0013z00002RIGPa"},{"Account Name":"CAPE Mentors Charitable Trust","Account ID":"0013z00002SZhQs","CASESAFEID":"0013z00002SZhQsAAL","Organisation Type":"Delivery Organisation","Date Member Last Updated URN Data":"2023-07-07","Inequality thematic focus":"Attainment; Mental health and wellbeing; Skills development","Region":"East Midlands","Regions tackling educational inequality":"London","Beneficiary age/key stage":"Age 7-11/Key stage 2; Age 11-14/Key stage 3; Age 14-16/Key stage 4; Age 16-18/Key stage 5","Website":"www.capementors.com","Public email":"hussein@capementors.com","Intervention description":"We work with children who are either permanently excluded from school and without full-time educational placement and students at risk of permanent exclusion. We provide one to one tuition and mentoring to prepare them for a return to education or we work with them whilst in school to ensure they keep their place there. We work with our students out of school in the local community around their home. We pick them up from their house and take them to a local library or cafe for tuition or mentoring. We tend to work with these children on a daily basis until they return to full-time education. Once they do attain a full-time educational placement we step back and see them once per week for mentoring. When working with students at risk of exclusion, we support them in school and embed ourselves within the network of teachers within their school. Through supporting these children on site daily we stabilise their behaviour before withdrawing to once per week off-site mentoring.","Member Directory Link":"https://faireducationalliance.circle.so/c/member-directory-755067/?orgid=0013z00002SZhQs"},{"Account Name":"Action Tutoring","Account ID":"0013z00002RHW3O","CASESAFEID":"0013z00002RHW3OAAX","Organisation Type":"Delivery Organisation","Date Member Last Updated URN Data":"2023-06-06","Inequality thematic focus":"Attainment","Region":"London","Regions tackling educational inequality":"East Midlands; London; North East; North West; South East; South West; West Midlands; Yorkshire and the Humber","Beneficiary age/key stage":"Age 7-11/Key stage 2; Age 14-16/Key stage 4","Website":"https://actiontutoring.org.uk/","Public email":"hello@actiontutoring.org.uk","Intervention description":"Action Tutoring is an education charity that supports pupils from disadvantaged backgrounds to achieve a meaningful level of academic attainment. Action Tutoring was set up in response to the huge attainment gap that exists between free school meal pupils and their wealthier peers, recognising that tutoring can be a powerful way to improve attainment and is a booming industry privately, but that it?s expensive and therefore doesn?t usually reach those that need it most. By using high quality volunteer tutors, Action Tutoring supports primary and secondary pupils eligible for the pupil premium and at risk of not reaching national standards in English and maths, with the long-term aim of enabling them to progress to further education, employment or training. Through a carefully structured, well managed and impact driven programme, Action Tutoring supports approximately 3,000 pupils a year across eight cities in England, with the support of over 1,000 active volunteer tutors.","Member Directory Link":"https://faireducationalliance.circle.so/c/member-directory-755067/?orgid=0013z00002RHW3O"},{"Account Name":"Social Finance","Account ID":"0013z00002SZhXl","CASESAFEID":"0013z00002SZhXlAAL","Organisation Type":"Delivery Organisation","Date Member Last Updated URN Data":"1969-12-31","Inequality thematic focus":"Attainment","Region":"London","Regions tackling educational inequality":"North West; South West","Beneficiary age/key stage":"Age 11-14/Key stage 3; Age 14-16/Key stage 4; Age 16-18/Key stage 5","Website":"https://www.socialfinance.org.uk/","Public email":"","Intervention description":"Social Finance is not a frontline delivery organisation but this is the category that is closest to our role above. We work in partnership with schools, local authorities, charities and young people and parents/carers to design and implement local infrastructure to support early intervention for children at risk of exclusion - and the related education and life outcomes. The local infrastructure will include capacity to support contextual multi-agency support for children disproportionately at risk of exclusion, before they reach statutory thresholds for support. It will test the most effective approaches to supporting schools and parents to access the right support for children and young people in two pilot areas over three years (2021-2024), including a single point of referral for local services. It will also create a link between the local statutory system and community VCSE services, ensuring the most appropriate support (including early intervention) is put in place.","Member Directory Link":"https://faireducationalliance.circle.so/c/member-directory-755067/?orgid=0013z00002SZhXl"},{"Account Name":"Now Teach","Account ID":"0013z00002ehk03","CASESAFEID":"0013z00002ehk03AAA","Organisation Type":"Delivery Organisation","Date Member Last Updated URN Data":"1969-12-31","Inequality thematic focus":"Attainment; Mental health and wellbeing; Skills development; University access and progression","Region":"London","Regions tackling educational inequality":"East of England; East Midlands; London; North East; North West; South East; South West; West Midlands; Yorkshire and the Humber","Beneficiary age/key stage":"Age 11-14/Key stage 3; Age 14-16/Key stage 4; Age 16-18/Key stage 5","Website":"https://nowteach.org.uk/","Public email":"nowteach@nowteach.org.uk","Intervention description":"We believe bringing different generations together for the mutual benefit of both will play a role in eradicating inequality in education. Experienced Now Teachers working in schools around the country, many in disadvantaged areas, bring significant experience and connections in industry that they can share with their students. For some students, Now Teachers might be the only person with experience as a doctor, engineer, banker, journalist or business person they know. We exist not only to recruit experienced career changers as trainee teachers, but to make sure they stay put. In the past older trainees have dropped out at significantly higher rates than their younger peers. We tailor our recruitment process to respect and understand the leap of faith people take in even considering giving up so much to undertake a teaching career. We also offer a programme of wrap-around support to ensure they remain in the profession long term and can draw out their skills to add value.","Member Directory Link":"https://faireducationalliance.circle.so/c/member-directory-755067/?orgid=0013z00002ehk03"},{"Account Name":"YourGamePlan Ltd","Account ID":"0013z00002gHW4R","CASESAFEID":"0013z00002gHW4RAAW","Organisation Type":"Delivery Organisation","Date Member Last Updated URN Data":"1969-12-31","Inequality thematic focus":"Skills development","Region":"East of England","Regions tackling educational inequality":"East of England; East Midlands; London; North East; North West; South East; South West; West Midlands; Yorkshire and the Humber","Beneficiary age/key stage":"Age 14-16/Key stage 4; Age 16-18/Key stage 5","Website":"https://yourgameplan.co.uk/","Public email":"","Intervention description":"YourGamePlan is an online video learning platform with 25 courses focused on soft and employability skills. We aim to give all young people the skills to be career ready on their journey from school to the workplace. Our courses are targeted at 14-19 year-olds, and are free to all young people. It is important to us that these courses remain free as we know that there is a big disparity between careers budgets within schools. Our courses are built to meet the Gatsby Benchmark, and we are fully compatible with the Careers and Enterprise?s Compass+ tool. We work with schools and colleges nationwide, who are able to register to the website, and monitor their students progress. We also work with youth organisations such as NE Youth, London Youth and various OnSide Youth Zones. Our courses are able to be played and completed on mobile, tablets and computers wherever access to the internet is available. Students and teachers can use the platform for homework or in the classroom.","Member Directory Link":"https://faireducationalliance.circle.so/c/member-directory-755067/?orgid=0013z00002gHW4R"},{"Account Name":"upReach","Account ID":"0013z00002RHz98","CASESAFEID":"0013z00002RHz98AAD","Organisation Type":"Delivery Organisation","Date Member Last Updated URN Data":"2023-08-07","Inequality thematic focus":"Skills development; Careers and employability","Region":"London","Regions tackling educational inequality":"East of England; East Midlands; London; North East; North West; South East; South West; West Midlands; Yorkshire and the Humber","Beneficiary age/key stage":"","Website":"https://upreach.org.uk/","Public email":"team@upreach.org.uk","Intervention description":"What we do: Our main activity is to run personalised, comprehensive career programmes for university students from less-advantaged backgrounds. Our team: Every student on upReach's programmes is matched with a dedicated Programme Coordinator, who provides them with personalised 1-2-1 support. Programme Coordinators provide students with a tailored journey through career activities, and deliver high quality career support to maximise their chances of securing a top job. Our beneficiaries: UK university students from less-advantaged backgrounds. They must have attended a UK state school since aged 14, have a household income of below ?42,620, and have achieved at least BBB in their A-Levels (or equivalent) on a contextualised basis. Our reach: As of July 22 we work with over 3,000 university students across the UK, from over 80 universities. We have offices in Bristol, London, Manchester, Newcastle and Nottingham - and 51% of the students we support are from outside London.","Member Directory Link":"https://faireducationalliance.circle.so/c/member-directory-755067/?orgid=0013z00002RHz98"},{"Account Name":"Fig Tree International","Account ID":"0013z00002gHYIR","CASESAFEID":"0013z00002gHYIRAA4","Organisation Type":"Delivery Organisation","Date Member Last Updated URN Data":"1969-12-31","Inequality thematic focus":"Attainment; Skills development; Other","Region":"London","Regions tackling educational inequality":"East of England; East Midlands; London; North East; North West; South East; South West; West Midlands; Yorkshire and the Humber","Beneficiary age/key stage":"Age 2-5/Foundation; Age 5-7/Key stage 1; Age 7-11/Key stage 2; Age 11-14/Key stage 3; Age 14-16/Key stage 4; Age 16-18/Key stage 5","Website":"www.figtreeinternational.org.uk","Public email":"palmerann@figtreeintl.org","Intervention description":"1. Raising Attainment - We provide schools with a range of support services ranging from anything from support with T & L to behaviour and assessment. We offer bespoke training and support depending on the needs of the school. 2. Executive Leadership Programme - We provide the only executive leadership programme that targets BAME staff into leadership positions. We have had excellent success in terms of outcomes from this programme. 3. RACE Charter Mark - We have a high number schools on the RACE Charter Mark accreditation process. We work with numerous MATs and CEOs and train governors, senior staff and curriculum leads as part of this award. 4. Key note speaking and panel discussions - we work with a range of stakeholders and participate in numerous events speaking about diversity and discriminatory issues. 5. The Confident Series - We ensure that staff moving through to promotion, particularly BAME staff, are well supported 6. Coaching - excellent success in this area","Member Directory Link":"https://faireducationalliance.circle.so/c/member-directory-755067/?orgid=0013z00002gHYIR"},{"Account Name":"Children and Young People's Mental Health Coalition (CYPMHC)","Account ID":"0013z00002hgQu9","CASESAFEID":"0013z00002hgQu9AAE","Organisation Type":"Membership Body / Union","Date Member Last Updated URN Data":"1969-12-31","Inequality thematic focus":"Mental health and wellbeing","Region":"London","Regions tackling educational inequality":"East of England; East Midlands; London; North East; North West; South East; South West; West Midlands; Yorkshire and the Humber","Beneficiary age/key stage":"","Website":"https://www.cypmhc.org.uk","Public email":"info@cypmhc.org.uk","Intervention description":"We jointly respond to government consultations and include the voices of young people and parents from all backgrounds. For example, we recently launched our behaviour in schools and mental health in report. It is based on a year-long inquiry conducted by the Children and Young People?s Mental Health Coalition into mental health and behaviour in schools. The inquiry aimed to explore the links between behaviour and mental health, to look at the impact of school behavioural policies on children and young people, and to understand what can be done to improve the approach to behaviour and mental health in schools. The inquiry asked young people, parents, carers and professionals their views on current approaches to behaviour management and mental health in schools and how they can be improved, via an online survey and evidence sessions. We also established a young person's advisory group and parent-carer advisory group to ensure their voices were at the centre at this work.","Member Directory Link":"https://faireducationalliance.circle.so/c/member-directory-755067/?orgid=0013z00002hgQu9"},{"Account Name":"Envision","Account ID":"0013z00002RHsgw","CASESAFEID":"0013z00002RHsgwAAD","Organisation Type":"Delivery Organisation","Date Member Last Updated URN Data":"2023-06-19","Inequality thematic focus":"Skills development; Careers and employability","Region":"London","Regions tackling educational inequality":"London; North East; South West; West Midlands","Beneficiary age/key stage":"Age 14-16/Key stage 4; Age 16-18/Key stage 5","Website":"https://www.envision.org.uk/","Public email":"vision@envision.org.uk","Intervention description":"We empower and up-skill young people from less-advantaged backgrounds, who are often underrepresented in the world of work , to develop the essential skills and confidence they need to succeed in later life. We work closely with schools to identify young people from socio-economic disadvantage, or those who are most at risk of becoming NEET, to take part in our programmes. During our programmes, young people are supported by our Programme Coordinators to work as a team to design, develop, and deliver a project that makes a real positive difference in their local school community. We also unite young people with employees from a local business who act as mentors throughout the programme, supporting young people to develop the skills necessary to become a successful adult through meaningful engagements. The programme culminates in a cross-school event where young people present their projects and achievements to a panel of judges, who choose a winner to receive an award.","Member Directory Link":"https://faireducationalliance.circle.so/c/member-directory-755067/?orgid=0013z00002RHsgw"},{"Account Name":"Boromi","Account ID":"0013z00002QG4KX","CASESAFEID":"0013z00002QG4KXAA1","Organisation Type":"Delivery Organisation","Date Member Last Updated URN Data":"2023-06-29","Inequality thematic focus":"Early years","Region":"East Midlands","Regions tackling educational inequality":"East Midlands; London; North West; South West; West Midlands; Yorkshire and the Humber","Beneficiary age/key stage":"Age 2-5/Foundation","Website":"https://www.boromi.co.uk/","Public email":"hello@boromi.co.uk","Intervention description":"Boromi works with educational and community settings to empower every parent to support and nurture their child?s early development through powerful, purposeful play together at home, where it matters most. 1. Educational - Our school based Play Libraries provide termly bags that are free for families to borrow for a few days, take home and explore together. Each box borrowed, providing families with a ready-to-go, resourced and modelled learning adventure that they can open, discover and share whenever and wherever works best for them. Libraries are exchanged termly. In addition to this, we also provide: - Keepmi boxes - wrap around holiday support for families providing a week's worth of offline, shared family play - #dailyplay - free email each week over holidays 2. Community - (Currently piloting) Our Stay and Play Libraries are based within community outreach points i.e. libraries, children's centres or cafes. Freely available for families to engage with on site.","Member Directory Link":"https://faireducationalliance.circle.so/c/member-directory-755067/?orgid=0013z00002QG4KX"},{"Account Name":"CLPE (Centre for Literacy in Primary Education)","Account ID":"0013z00002RIGPp","CASESAFEID":"0013z00002RIGPpAAP","Organisation Type":"Delivery Organisation","Date Member Last Updated URN Data":"1969-12-31","Inequality thematic focus":"Early years; Attainment; Skills development","Region":"London","Regions tackling educational inequality":"East of England; East Midlands; London; North East; North West; South East; South West; West Midlands; Yorkshire and the Humber","Beneficiary age/key stage":"Age 2-5/Foundation; Age 5-7/Key stage 1; Age 7-11/Key stage 2","Website":"https://clpe.org.uk/","Public email":"info@clpe.org.uk","Intervention description":"The Centre for Literacy in Primary Education is a charity working to improve literacy in primary schools. Our work raises the achievement of children by helping schools to teach literacy creatively and effectively, putting quality children?s literature at the heart of all learning. We want to improve the life chances of children by ensuring that every child has access to quality experiences of literacy and that all teachers have the knowledge and resources to support children become confident, happy and enthusiastic readers and writers, with all the benefits this brings. We provide well evidenced, creative, literacy training and support for primary school teachers and others that work in primary schools. We produce high quality resources to support classroom teaching and learning and work to ensure that as many schools as possible have access to the best knowledge, research and materials to help them use quality children?s literature to raise children?s achievement.","Member Directory Link":"https://faireducationalliance.circle.so/c/member-directory-755067/?orgid=0013z00002RIGPp"},{"Account Name":"You Be You","Account ID":"0013z00002RHz9B","CASESAFEID":"0013z00002RHz9BAAT","Organisation Type":"Delivery Organisation","Date Member Last Updated URN Data":"1969-12-31","Inequality thematic focus":"Attainment; Mental health and wellbeing; Skills development","Region":"London","Regions tackling educational inequality":"London; South East; West Midlands","Beneficiary age/key stage":"Age 5-7/Key stage 1; Age 7-11/Key stage 2","Website":"http://www.youbeyou.co.uk","Public email":"bilkis@youbeyou.co.uk","Intervention description":"You Be You is a social enterprise working toward the vision that no child leaves primary school believing their gender, class, race or religion limits their potential. We start at age five, and combat stereotypes for both boys and girls. We have co-designed our project in order to engage a diverse spectrum of parents and children. We do this through an in-school curriculum/ role model videos for teachers, as well as fun, creative and re-usable take-home activity boxes for children to do with an adult. Our short-term ambition is to continue to grow nationally. Growing through a geographic area will allow us to continue to build on close ties to schools and communities of parents. Our longer-term ambition is to grow nationally, and eventually globally. We?ve contracted with teachers to expand the curriculum to year 2, and our intention is to build the curriculum across primary school, building on the same themes each year to reinforce learning and sustain our impact.","Member Directory Link":"https://faireducationalliance.circle.so/c/member-directory-755067/?orgid=0013z00002RHz9B"},{"Account Name":"Nudge Education","Account ID":"0013z00002RJBHN","CASESAFEID":"0013z00002RJBHNAA5","Organisation Type":"Delivery Organisation","Date Member Last Updated URN Data":"1969-12-31","Inequality thematic focus":"Early years; Attainment; Mental health and wellbeing; Skills development; Careers and employability","Region":"North East","Regions tackling educational inequality":"East of England; East Midlands; London; North East; North West; South East; South West; West Midlands; Yorkshire and the Humber","Beneficiary age/key stage":"Age 2-5/Foundation; Age 5-7/Key stage 1; Age 7-11/Key stage 2; Age 11-14/Key stage 3; Age 14-16/Key stage 4; Age 16-18/Key stage 5; Age 18-30","Website":"https://www.nudgeeducation.co.uk/","Public email":"brian.mair@nudgeeducation.co.uk","Intervention description":"We provide a bespoke experience for every child to meet them at their point of crisis and work alongside them to raise aspirations, build resilience and support them to transition to a permanent setting. We deliver academic, therapeutic or blended interventions that involves the student, their parent/carers and the multiagency team alongside the child to design a programme that is specific to their needs. This is usually delivered to one child at a time for an interim period However we have delivered to small groups as an early intervention tool to reduce exclusion rates. Although we work nationally, the bulk of our work is delivered to the most deprived areas of the UK, Teesside, the North East and Cumbria. The focus of each intervention is different, and we will staff it accordingly based upon the practitioners expertise, background and own life experiences. The end goal is always to make sure that the child we work with appreciates that life can be worth living.","Member Directory Link":"https://faireducationalliance.circle.so/c/member-directory-755067/?orgid=0013z00002RJBHN"},{"Account Name":"Child Poverty Action Group","Account ID":"0013z00002SZhR2","CASESAFEID":"0013z00002SZhR2AAL","Organisation Type":"Delivery Organisation","Date Member Last Updated URN Data":"2022-07-08","Inequality thematic focus":"Attainment; Mental health and wellbeing; Other","Region":"London","Regions tackling educational inequality":"London","Beneficiary age/key stage":"","Website":"https://cpag.org.uk/","Public email":"info@cpag.org.uk","Intervention description":"The UK Cost of the School Day aims to reduce the financial barriers that prevent pupils from fully participating in the school day. The Cost of the School Day approach involves working with whole-school communities (pupils, parents, teachers and school staff) to identify and reduce cost barriers faced by pupils from low-income backgrounds. We have now worked with over 50 schools and spoken to over 10,000 young people and children to understand how school costs affect the experience children and young people have at school. Utilising the significant amount of pupil voice we have supported individual schools with their own recommendations and action plans to make changes to support low-income families and pupils. To bring about system change, we have also shared our findings, insights and recommendations with the education sector through the publication of practical resources which are available for all schools to use and the delivery of poverty- awareness training.","Member Directory Link":"https://faireducationalliance.circle.so/c/member-directory-755067/?orgid=0013z00002SZhR2"},{"Account Name":"Creative Mentor Network","Account ID":"0013z00002SZhRZ","CASESAFEID":"0013z00002SZhRZAA1","Organisation Type":"Delivery Organisation","Date Member Last Updated URN Data":"1969-12-31","Inequality thematic focus":"Attainment; Skills development; Careers and employability","Region":"London","Regions tackling educational inequality":"East of England; East Midlands; London; North East; North West; South East; South West; West Midlands; Yorkshire and the Humber","Beneficiary age/key stage":"Age 16-18/Key stage 5; Age 18-30","Website":"https://www.creativementornetwork.org/","Public email":"samuel@creativementornetwork.org","Intervention description":"CMN programmes support 16-25 year olds from low socioeconomic backgrounds to: Gain greater understanding of the range of careers available to them in the creative industries Build an expanded network of creative industries contacts Develop the essential skills they need to thrive in the creative world of work We run between 10-20 16 week programmes/year which are made up of 20-35 mentors and mentees: 1-1 mentoring: Young people are paired with a mentor. Over eight sessions, they set and work towards goals. Mentor training: Through our mentor training, our team of Associates - all experts in young people, education and coaching - support mentors with the strategies they need to best support their mentees. Support: Our Programme Managers conduct regular check-ins with all participants, providing additional support. Ongoing support: Programmes culminate with a showcase event. Programme Graduates receive ongoing support through events and access to work opportunities.","Member Directory Link":"https://faireducationalliance.circle.so/c/member-directory-755067/?orgid=0013z00002SZhRZ"},{"Account Name":"KIT Theatre","Account ID":"0013z00002SZhUK","CASESAFEID":"0013z00002SZhUKAA1","Organisation Type":"Delivery Organisation","Date Member Last Updated URN Data":"2023-07-03","Inequality thematic focus":"Early years; Attainment; Mental health and wellbeing; Skills development","Region":"London","Regions tackling educational inequality":"East of England; London; North West; West Midlands; Yorkshire and the Humber","Beneficiary age/key stage":"Age 5-7/Key stage 1; Age 7-11/Key stage 2","Website":"https://www.kittheatre.org","Public email":"tom@kittheatre.org","Intervention description":"Adventures in Learning (AiL) support teachers to meet curriculum targets while also developing the whole child. Projects begin with an unexpected theatrical disruption to a normal school day. This involves a character dramatically appearing in the school. 1. Disruption: By characters arriving unexpectedly and being are treated as real, a transformed learning space beyond normal schoolwork is created. 2. Mission: Characters set missions and ask pupils for help, encouraging them in a trial and error approach and requiring pupils creative contributions in writing, singing, dancing & drama. 3. Achievement: AiL end with pupils successfully completing missions. AiL thus develops the whole child by: -Engaging all pupils. -Celebrating different pupils skills. -Building resilience through trial & error. -Exploring critical thinking, empathy & ethics -Boosting self-esteem AiL are written by Tom Bowtell & delivered by skilled facilitators in primary schools across the UK.","Member Directory Link":"https://faireducationalliance.circle.so/c/member-directory-755067/?orgid=0013z00002SZhUK"},{"Account Name":"Debate Mate Schools Limited","Account ID":"0013z00002RIGQX","CASESAFEID":"0013z00002RIGQXAA5","Organisation Type":"Delivery Organisation","Date Member Last Updated URN Data":"2023-07-03","Inequality thematic focus":"Attainment; Mental health and wellbeing; Skills development; University access and progression; Careers and employability","Region":"London","Regions tackling educational inequality":"East Midlands; London; North West; West Midlands; Yorkshire and the Humber","Beneficiary age/key stage":"Age 7-11/Key stage 2; Age 11-14/Key stage 3; Age 14-16/Key stage 4; Age 16-18/Key stage 5","Website":"www.debatemate.org","Public email":"info@debatemate.com","Intervention description":"Our Core Programme at Debate Mate is a 17-week after-school debating club programme for schools in areas of high child poverty, aimed at students aged 10 to 18. Students taking part in the Debate Mate programme develop key 21st century skills, which are fundamental to success in academic and professional environments. These include critical and creative thinking, communication (speaking and listening) skills, and teamwork, as well as building confidence and self esteem, resilience, leadership, and self-management. The clubs are led by inspiring university students, who act as mentors, empowering the young people to raise their aspirations and fulfill their potential. We currently deliver our mentor-led programmes primary and secondary schools across the UK, in London, Manchester, the West Midlands, Liverpool and Bristol. These programmes are supplemented by Education UK, where we deliver workshops to schools and education institutions outside of these regions.","Member Directory Link":"https://faireducationalliance.circle.so/c/member-directory-755067/?orgid=0013z00002RIGQX"},{"Account Name":"East Learning","Account ID":"0013z00002SZhRv","CASESAFEID":"0013z00002SZhRvAAL","Organisation Type":"Delivery Organisation","Date Member Last Updated URN Data":"1969-12-31","Inequality thematic focus":"Attainment; Mental health and wellbeing; Skills development; University access and progression","Region":"London","Regions tackling educational inequality":"London; North East; North West; South East; South West","Beneficiary age/key stage":"Age 11-14/Key stage 3; Age 14-16/Key stage 4; Age 16-18/Key stage 5","Website":"www.eastlearning.co.uk","Public email":"talk@eastlearning.co.uk","Intervention description":"We help schools and regions define and then close the opportunity gap. Our flagship programme Aspirations takes the hassle out of planning and coordinating a brilliant and targeted personal development offer, so schools can focus on delivering the support that will benefit their students the most. We support, but schools deliver. Through a combination of an online platform and ongoing delivery support, we help schools deliver careers, PHSE, enrichment and wellbeing programmes?both in person and online?based on students' interests, needs and ambitions. It does this by providing the software, templates and training needed to capture students' voices and use that information effectively. Impact measurement and reporting is built in ? so they can see the difference being made, and use that evidence to drive continued improvements and ensure that 'no child is left behind' Assessments are up to three times /yr, and school support is as required throughout the year.","Member Directory Link":"https://faireducationalliance.circle.so/c/member-directory-755067/?orgid=0013z00002SZhRv"},{"Account Name":"English Football League Trust","Account ID":"0013z00002RIGPt","CASESAFEID":"0013z00002RIGPtAAP","Organisation Type":"Delivery Organisation","Date Member Last Updated URN Data":"1969-12-31","Inequality thematic focus":"Attainment; Mental health and wellbeing; Skills development; University access and progression; Careers and employability","Region":"North West","Regions tackling educational inequality":"East of England; East Midlands; London; North East; North West; South East; South West; West Midlands; Yorkshire and the Humber","Beneficiary age/key stage":"Age 14-16/Key stage 4; Age 16-18/Key stage 5; Age 18-30","Website":"https://www.efltrust.com/","Public email":"info@efltrust.com","Intervention description":"EFL Trust, and its network of Club Community Organisations, work in some of the most deprived communities in England, supporting beneficiaries of all ages to gain qualifications and become more employable. Within our network we deliver 14-16 alternative provision, 16-19 Study Programme, Adult Education. Our Higher Education offer has won awards for its Widening Participation work, with high proportion of students coming from areas of multiple deprivation and being the first to gain a degree in their household. Working in partnership with the DWP, we have delivered several employment programmes. As a part of the UK Government?s Kickstart Scheme, the EFLT Trust provided 714 placements across our network of 92 organisations which included 78 Club Community Organisations (CCOs) and 14 other partner organisations. Programmes are delivered by our CCOs, using the power of the club badge to engage with the community, and the skills and experienced of our workforce.","Member Directory Link":"https://faireducationalliance.circle.so/c/member-directory-755067/?orgid=0013z00002RIGPt"},{"Account Name":"Institute of Imagination","Account ID":"0013z00002oauFZ","CASESAFEID":"0013z00002oauFZAAY","Organisation Type":"Delivery Organisation","Date Member Last Updated URN Data":"2023-06-12","Inequality thematic focus":"Attainment; Skills development; Careers and employability","Region":"London","Regions tackling educational inequality":"London","Beneficiary age/key stage":"","Website":"https://ioi.london","Public email":"tom.doust@ioi.london","Intervention description":"We design and deliver creative learning experiences through programmes, products and platforms. We focus on children aged 5-11, notably from the most deprived areas of England. Our School?s Programme ? currently reaching approximately 20,000 children per year ? addresses the imagination gap in primary education by working with children at schools in targeted areas and giving teachers the knowledge to take a holistic approach to the development of children?s imagination and creative competencies across the curriculum. Our 'Community: Digital Heroes Programme' is designed to build confidence, aspiration, and wellbeing as well as core digital skills and digital literacy. This programme works with marginalised children, parents and carers from community centres across Lambeth. We have distributed over 3500 of our Imagination Boxes (at-home activity boxes) to family homes across the country, namely those with children in hospital care, refugee status, and SEND.","Member Directory Link":"https://faireducationalliance.circle.so/c/member-directory-755067/?orgid=0013z00002oauFZ"},{"Account Name":"First Story","Account ID":"0013z00002RIGPu","CASESAFEID":"0013z00002RIGPuAAP","Organisation Type":"Delivery Organisation","Date Member Last Updated URN Data":"2023-08-17","Inequality thematic focus":"Attainment; Mental health and wellbeing; Skills development; Other","Region":"London","Regions tackling educational inequality":"East Midlands; London; North West; Yorkshire and the Humber","Beneficiary age/key stage":"Age 11-14/Key stage 3; Age 14-16/Key stage 4","Website":"https://www.firststory.org.uk/","Public email":"info@firststory.org.uk","Intervention description":"We place professional writers into secondary schools serving low-income communities, where they work intensively with students and teachers to foster confidence, creativity and writing ability. Our eligibility criteria are At least 70% of pupils should be eligible for Pupil Premium; Other pupils should meet at least one of the following criteria: ? Pupils with low prior attainment (below level 3 at end of KS2) ? Speakers of English as an Additional Language (EAL) ? Students facing other forms of disadvantage as identified by the school Each cohort works over one or two terms in school in after school workshops to produce an anthology. Other aspects of the programme include live sharing events, CPD for teachers and a Young Writers Festival. The programme is delivered by professional writers. We work in low income areas in London, East Midlands, Greater Manchester, Yorkshire and Humberside. We work with c.1500 pa young people in the young writers programme.","Member Directory Link":"https://faireducationalliance.circle.so/c/member-directory-755067/?orgid=0013z00002RIGPu"},{"Account Name":"The Bridging Project","Account ID":"0013z00002UC1KX","CASESAFEID":"0013z00002UC1KXAA1","Organisation Type":"Delivery Organisation","Date Member Last Updated URN Data":"2022-06-29","Inequality thematic focus":"University access and progression","Region":"South East","Regions tackling educational inequality":"East of England; London; West Midlands; Yorkshire and the Humber","Beneficiary age/key stage":"","Website":"https://www.thebridgingproject.co.uk/","Public email":"phoebe@thebridgingproject.co.uk","Intervention description":"Our project will provide remarkable undergraduates with the skill set, support systems and networks to excel during their time at university. We will match up students from underrepresented backgrounds with leadership coaches with similar lived experience to support them throughout the transition to university and beyond. Our project provides students with 12 monthly coaching sessions over the course of the year, designed to help students work through any barriers that the transition to university can bring and to achieve all they hope to out of their time at university. Further to this we create networks of students within universities and facilitate group coaching sessions and seminars throughout their first year. As a result of our programme students are improving their confidence and ability to tackle challenges. They are reducing their sense of isolation and imposter syndrome and are taking up leadership positions and opportunities around university.","Member Directory Link":"https://faireducationalliance.circle.so/c/member-directory-755067/?orgid=0013z00002UC1KX"},{"Account Name":"Jamie's Farm","Account ID":"0013z00002RIGQ1","CASESAFEID":"0013z00002RIGQ1AAP","Organisation Type":"Delivery Organisation","Date Member Last Updated URN Data":"2023-07-03","Inequality thematic focus":"Attainment; Mental health and wellbeing; Careers and employability","Region":"South West","Regions tackling educational inequality":"East of England; East Midlands; London; North East; North West; South East; South West; West Midlands; Yorkshire and the Humber","Beneficiary age/key stage":"Age 7-11/Key stage 2; Age 11-14/Key stage 3; Age 14-16/Key stage 4; Age 16-18/Key stage 5; Other; Age 18-30","Website":"https://jamiesfarm.org.uk/","Public email":"chloethomas@jamiesfarm.org.uk","Intervention description":"Primarily, we achieve our aims through a unique residential experience and follow-up programme involving ?Farming, Family, Therapy and Legacy?. During the week up to 12 young people are involved with the running of one of our four rural working livestock farms in Bath, Hereford, Monmouth and Lewes. Visiting young people complete real jobs with tangible outcomes, with activities including farming, gardening, cooking, horse work, log chopping, music and crafts, as well as a daily walk in the countryside. Alongside this, we provide one-to-one and group reflective sessions to support young people to vocalise rather than act out their challenges and develop new positive behaviour patterns to carry forward into home and school life. Their visit is followed by a rigorous follow-up programme aimed at ensuring positive changes are sustained. In addition, we aim to achieve our vision through spreading our approach and achieving system change on a national level.","Member Directory Link":"https://faireducationalliance.circle.so/c/member-directory-755067/?orgid=0013z00002RIGQ1"},{"Account Name":"The Economist Educational Foundation","Account ID":"0013z00002RHz95","CASESAFEID":"0013z00002RHz95AAD","Organisation Type":"Delivery Organisation","Date Member Last Updated URN Data":"2023-06-16","Inequality thematic focus":"Attainment; Skills development; Careers and employability; Other","Region":"London","Regions tackling educational inequality":"East of England; East Midlands; London; North East; North West; South East; South West; West Midlands; Yorkshire and the Humber","Beneficiary age/key stage":"Age 7-11/Key stage 2; Age 11-14/Key stage 3","Website":"https://economistfoundation.org/","Public email":"foundationteam@economist.com","Intervention description":"Young people from low income backgrounds are likely to be worse affected than their peers by the social, political and economic issues in the news, so have the most to gain by developing news literacy capabilities that can help them understand and respond to issues affecting their lives. Our core programme, Topical Talk, provides teachers with the training, resources and support they need to spark inspiring discussions about the news in the classroom. Topical Talk is run by teachers in schools, either embedded in the curriculum or as a separate club. Teachers are provided with a weekly resources and special editions which allows students to learn about big global news stories and develop critical thinking and communication skills. Once a year, we host our Topical Talk Festival where students are invited to share their opinions on the news with a real audience of peers from all around the world and global topic experts, via our unique online platform.","Member Directory Link":"https://faireducationalliance.circle.so/c/member-directory-755067/?orgid=0013z00002RHz95"},{"Account Name":"Powered by CAN (PbC)","Account ID":"0013z00002SZhRX","CASESAFEID":"0013z00002SZhRXAA1","Organisation Type":"Delivery Organisation","Date Member Last Updated URN Data":"2022-07-10","Inequality thematic focus":"Attainment; Mental health and wellbeing; Skills development; Other","Region":"West Midlands","Regions tackling educational inequality":"East Midlands; West Midlands","Beneficiary age/key stage":"Age 5-7/Key stage 1; Age 7-11/Key stage 2; Age 11-14/Key stage 3; Age 14-16/Key stage 4; Age 16-18/Key stage 5; Age 18-30","Website":"https://www.poweredbycan.org","Public email":"hello@poweredbycan.org","Intervention description":"PbC daily direct delivery via: -Education: accreditation (Youth Achievement Awards, Arts Awards & more), access to employment, work experience opportunities and enterprise skills, talent development, leadership -Sports: physical/mental health & wellbeing -Culture: participatory arts, heritage, media & social action -Consultation: Community voice & civic leadership CAN delivers provision via: -One off, short, medium or long term bespoke workshops, masterclasses and events -Targeted sustained interventions -Work experience and volunteering opportunities -Youth-led summits & conferences We employ our 5step ABCDE methodology, details at creativeacademies.co.uk/about-us-2: -Asset Human Centred -Behaviour Change -Co-creation -Development Journey -Embedded Systems Since 2013 CAN have engaged over 825,000 young people at: -Pupil Referral Units -Schools -PPC/Police -Sandwell CEP -Community orgs/centres -Alternative Training Flagship project: homegrown31.com","Member Directory Link":"https://faireducationalliance.circle.so/c/member-directory-755067/?orgid=0013z00002SZhRX"},{"Account Name":"BookTrust","Account ID":"0013z00002RHW3P","CASESAFEID":"0013z00002RHW3PAAX","Organisation Type":"Delivery Organisation","Date Member Last Updated URN Data":"1969-12-31","Inequality thematic focus":"Early years; Attainment; Mental health and wellbeing; Other","Region":"North East","Regions tackling educational inequality":"East of England; East Midlands; London; North East; North West; South East; South West; West Midlands; Yorkshire and the Humber","Beneficiary age/key stage":"Age 2-5/Foundation; Age 5-7/Key stage 1; Age 7-11/Key stage 2","Website":"https://www.booktrust.org.uk/","Public email":"queries@booktrust.org.uk","Intervention description":"BookTrust is the UK?s largest children?s reading charity. We are dedicated to getting children reading. Each year we reach millions of children across the UK with books, resources and support to help develop a love of reading. We get children reading in lots of different ways, but our priority is to get more children excited about books, rhymes and stories ? because if reading is fun, children will want to do it. We run nationwide programmes ? like our flagship programme Bookstart. We reach millions of families across the country each year with books, resources and advice to encourage parents and carers to start reading with their babies right from the beginning. Much of our focus is on early years because we?ve learnt that starting early and involving the whole family is the best way to get children reading. We also work with schools to support teachers and school librarians to get children and young people excited about books and reading.","Member Directory Link":"https://faireducationalliance.circle.so/c/member-directory-755067/?orgid=0013z00002RHW3P"},{"Account Name":"Stonewall Equality","Account ID":"0013z00002YgGMl","CASESAFEID":"0013z00002YgGMlAAN","Organisation Type":"Membership Body / Union","Date Member Last Updated URN Data":"1969-12-31","Inequality thematic focus":"Mental health and wellbeing; University access and progression; Careers and employability","Region":"London","Regions tackling educational inequality":"East of England; East Midlands; London; North East; North West; South East; South West; West Midlands; Yorkshire and the Humber","Beneficiary age/key stage":"","Website":"https://www.stonewall.org.uk/","Public email":"education@stonewall.org.uk","Intervention description":"Our Education, Youth and Sport team provides training, resources and membership programmes for schools, colleges, children and young people's services and other settings working with children and young people. Our work focuses on helping professionals develop their skills, tools and confidence to support LGBTQ+ children and young people, and those who have LGBTQ+ family members and loved ones. Our expert team of teachers, trainers and education professionals create and deliver digital training modules, bespoke training webinars, best practice guides, lesson resources and toolkits, as well as running our membership programmes: School & College Champions and Children and Young People's Services (CYPS) Champions. Our Youth team provide support and resources for LGBTQ+ young people not in education, employment or training through our Stonewall Young Futures digital platform, an online hub for careers information, workplace guidance and support.","Member Directory Link":"https://faireducationalliance.circle.so/c/member-directory-755067/?orgid=0013z00002YgGMl"},{"Account Name":"Causeway Education","Account ID":"0013z00002RHW3S","CASESAFEID":"0013z00002RHW3SAAX","Organisation Type":"Delivery Organisation","Date Member Last Updated URN Data":"2023-07-16","Inequality thematic focus":"University access and progression","Region":"London","Regions tackling educational inequality":"East of England; East Midlands; London; North East; North West; South East; South West; West Midlands; Yorkshire and the Humber","Beneficiary age/key stage":"Age 16-18/Key stage 5","Website":"https://causeway.education/","Public email":"info@causeway.education","Intervention description":"We work to support young people to overcome barriers in accessing higher education, apprenticeships and early careers. In any year we might deliver 50 or more projects for different partners (schools/colleges, universities and third sector partners), helping young people at a range of crunch points, but all this work will boil down to 2 key approaches: ? either we are delivering precision interventions direct to young people: mentoring, masterclasses and online tools and practical resources ? or we are tooling up those around: research, consultancy and expert training. Our flagship Application Mentoring programme provide students in Year 12-13 with workshops, access to OSCAR (our Personal Statement tool) and e-mentoring with an expert mentor. Our Teacher Champions programme combines a series of training events with a subscription to resources, guiding 6th form leaders through key actions to increase progression to competitive HE courses.","Member Directory Link":"https://faireducationalliance.circle.so/c/member-directory-755067/?orgid=0013z00002RHW3S"},{"Account Name":"National Numeracy","Account ID":"0013z00002RIGQ7","CASESAFEID":"0013z00002RIGQ7AAP","Organisation Type":"Delivery Organisation","Date Member Last Updated URN Data":"2023-06-28","Inequality thematic focus":"Skills development; Careers and employability","Region":"South East","Regions tackling educational inequality":"East of England; East Midlands; London; North East; North West; South East; South West; West Midlands; Yorkshire and the Humber","Beneficiary age/key stage":"Age 2-5/Foundation; Age 5-7/Key stage 1; Age 7-11/Key stage 2; Age 11-14/Key stage 3; Age 14-16/Key stage 4; Age 16-18/Key stage 5; Age 18-30","Website":"https://www.nationalnumeracy.org.uk/","Public email":"enquiries@nationalnumeracy.org.uk","Intervention description":"National Numeracy works to enable people across the UK to be confident and competent using numbers and data. Poor numeracy is widespread, and everyone is welcome to access our support, but our focus is on helping people with low confidence or competence with numbers in disadvantaged communities, where the need is greatest. We work towards this aim in two main ways: - Raising awareness about the numeracy issue. We do this through national campaigns including National Numeracy Day and Number Confidence Week. - Improving numeracy. Adults can check and improve their numeracy using the National Numeracy Challenge website. We also deliver workshop sessions to adult learners (usually via employers) to support them in improving their confidence with maths. We provide training courses and programmes for staff in organisations, workplaces and schools to support them in improving the numeracy of their learners using our confidence-focused approach.","Member Directory Link":"https://faireducationalliance.circle.so/c/member-directory-755067/?orgid=0013z00002RIGQ7"},{"Account Name":"Stable and Wild","Account ID":"0013z00002Ygv58","CASESAFEID":"0013z00002Ygv58AAB","Organisation Type":"Delivery Organisation","Date Member Last Updated URN Data":"2023-01-10","Inequality thematic focus":"Attainment; Mental health and wellbeing; Skills development; Other","Region":"South East","Regions tackling educational inequality":"South East","Beneficiary age/key stage":"Age 5-7/Key stage 1; Age 7-11/Key stage 2; Age 11-14/Key stage 3; Age 14-16/Key stage 4; Age 16-18/Key stage 5","Website":"https://www.stableandwild.co.uk","Public email":"info@stableandwild.co.uk","Intervention description":"We work with children who are not accessing or have limited access to mainstream education due to complex need sand SEMH issues. Many are LAC or have suffered some form of trauma. Most have some form of MH condition or a diagnosed condition. We use horses, small animals and nature in a transferable facilitated learning approach that helps them to develop self supporting strategies enabling them to re-engage in learning, possibly school and beyond, but mostly in life. We deliver 1-1 short interventions, through to 12 month or 2 year Princes Trust Employability and Personal Development Programmes. Learners can access us in a number of ways from 2 hrs a week to 2 days per week. We have a team of coaches who deliver the work. Learners attend weekly. We have developed our own approach which constantly evolves based on current issues yp face. We work with external agencies, Police, LA, and private co's to support yp outside of education too.","Member Directory Link":"https://faireducationalliance.circle.so/c/member-directory-755067/?orgid=0013z00002Ygv58"},{"Account Name":"Mathematics in Education and Industry","Account ID":"0013z00002gHORP","CASESAFEID":"0013z00002gHORPAA4","Organisation Type":"Delivery Organisation","Date Member Last Updated URN Data":"1969-12-31","Inequality thematic focus":"Attainment; Skills development; University access and progression; Careers and employability","Region":"South West","Regions tackling educational inequality":"East of England; East Midlands; London; North East; North West; South East; South West; West Midlands; Yorkshire and the Humber","Beneficiary age/key stage":"Age 7-11/Key stage 2; Age 11-14/Key stage 3; Age 14-16/Key stage 4; Age 16-18/Key stage 5; Age 18-30","Website":"https://mei.org.uk/","Public email":"janice.richards@mei.org.uk","Intervention description":"MEI aims to improve the quality of mathematics education for all young people; to remove barriers to progression in mathematics education; and to encourage the uptake of advanced mathematics qualifications. By far the biggest impact of our work to tackle educational inequality is achieved through our leadership and delivery of the DfE-funded Advanced Mathematics Support Programme (AMSP). As well as providing national support to improve the quality of teaching of advanced mathematics in state-funded schools and colleges in England, the AMSP aims to ensure that all students at those schools and colleges can access the full range of advanced mathematics qualifications, and also the support they need to prepare for the mathematics admissions tests required by several prestigious universities. Additional support and subsidies are offered to schools and colleges in areas of low social mobility (see https://amsp.org.uk/about/priority-areas).","Member Directory Link":"https://faireducationalliance.circle.so/c/member-directory-755067/?orgid=0013z00002gHORP"},{"Account Name":"British Science Association","Account ID":"0013z00002RIGPi","CASESAFEID":"0013z00002RIGPiAAP","Organisation Type":"Delivery Organisation","Date Member Last Updated URN Data":"2023-06-28","Inequality thematic focus":"Attainment; Skills development; University access and progression; Careers and employability","Region":"London","Regions tackling educational inequality":"East of England; East Midlands; London; North East; North West; South East; South West; West Midlands; Yorkshire and the Humber","Beneficiary age/key stage":"Age 2-5/Foundation; Age 5-7/Key stage 1; Age 7-11/Key stage 2; Age 11-14/Key stage 3; Age 14-16/Key stage 4; Age 16-18/Key stage 5","Website":"https://www.britishscienceassociation.org/","Public email":"crest@britishscienceassociation.org","Intervention description":"The Education team engages with teachers and other education professionals who work with young people aged 3 to 19 across the UK. Our programmes, including British Science Week (BSW) and CREST Awards, enable young people particularly those from underserved audiences, to see science as relevant to their lives and to continue to study/work in science. They are delivered all year round in schools and community groups by teachers, youth leaders and third party STEM organisations. CREST reaches 50,000 young people and BSW reaches 60,000 young people. Through our Future Forums, we aim to amplify the ?missing voices? in science-based conversations. We have a network of over 1000 teachers from schools working in challenging circumstances. Through grant funding and networking events, we enable these teachers to conduct, influence or apply best practice and research in their school. We give out over ?100K as micro grants to schools each year.","Member Directory Link":"https://faireducationalliance.circle.so/c/member-directory-755067/?orgid=0013z00002RIGPi"},{"Account Name":"Up Learn","Account ID":"0013z00002Vxlw9","CASESAFEID":"0013z00002Vxlw9AAB","Organisation Type":"Delivery Organisation","Date Member Last Updated URN Data":"1969-12-31","Inequality thematic focus":"Attainment; Skills development; University access and progression","Region":"London","Regions tackling educational inequality":"East of England; East Midlands; London; North East; North West; South East; South West; West Midlands; Yorkshire and the Humber","Beneficiary age/key stage":"Age 16-18/Key stage 5","Website":"www.uplearn.co.uk","Public email":"team@uplearn.co.uk","Intervention description":"Up Learn provides comprehensive online courses for A Levels. We take the entire specification and break it down into sections. Each section is made up of instructional videos and interactive quizzes. We employ dedicated Learning Executives to write the scripts for videos. These script writers are experts in instructional theory and learning research. The Learning Executives are supported by a team of Content Developers. Our Content Developers use their animation skills and research into cognitive science to produce beautiful animations to support the scripts. Artificial Intelligence tracks students as they complete the course. It identifies students strengths and weaknesses and directs students to relevant resources to embed learning. Since 2017 over 20,000 students have had access to an Up Learn license with over 5,000 getting this access free of charge. We?ve also worked with over 150 schools to provide licenses to their students.","Member Directory Link":"https://faireducationalliance.circle.so/c/member-directory-755067/?orgid=0013z00002Vxlw9"},{"Account Name":"School-Home Support (SHS)","Account ID":"0013z00002RHz8w","CASESAFEID":"0013z00002RHz8wAAD","Organisation Type":"Delivery Organisation","Date Member Last Updated URN Data":"2023-06-26","Inequality thematic focus":"Attainment; Mental health and wellbeing","Region":"London","Regions tackling educational inequality":"London; North West; South East; Yorkshire and the Humber","Beneficiary age/key stage":"Age 2-5/Foundation; Age 5-7/Key stage 1; Age 7-11/Key stage 2; Age 11-14/Key stage 3; Age 14-16/Key stage 4; Age 16-18/Key stage 5","Website":"https://www.shs.org.uk","Public email":"enquiries@shs.org.uk","Intervention description":"Our Practitioner Service approach has been recommended by the Centre for Social Justice as a solution to directly improving school attendance. Our pastoral specialists work directly with children, young people and their families to develop bespoke plans to improve school attendance, behaviour and engagement in learning. Based in schools and communities, practitioners and families co-produce solution focused plans to build resilience, resourcefulness and confidence. Practitioners complement and actively look to engage local partners to signpost families and they also use persistence and tenacity to build trust with families. We know that families with complex needs require both practical, immediate support alongside more intensive, long-term emotional support to build resilience and develop aspirations. Audience and reach: Our Practitioner Service is currently being delivered in over 70 settings in 16 local authorities in England.","Member Directory Link":"https://faireducationalliance.circle.so/c/member-directory-755067/?orgid=0013z00002RHz8w"},{"Account Name":"Partnership for Children","Account ID":"0013z00002SbCaP","CASESAFEID":"0013z00002SbCaPAAV","Organisation Type":"Delivery Organisation","Date Member Last Updated URN Data":"2023-06-30","Inequality thematic focus":"Early years; Mental health and wellbeing","Region":"London","Regions tackling educational inequality":"East of England; East Midlands; London; North East; North West; South East; South West; West Midlands; Yorkshire and the Humber","Beneficiary age/key stage":"Age 5-7/Key stage 1; Age 7-11/Key stage 2","Website":"https://www.partnershipforchildren.org.uk","Public email":"info@partnershipforchildren.org.uk","Intervention description":"We have 4 mental health promotion programmes for the primary age range which are delivered in over 200 settings across the UK. Zippy?s Friends and Apple?s Friends are 24 sessions, Passport is 18 and SPARK Resilience is 11. We also offer Zippy's Friends for Pupils with SEND. The first 3 programmes cover: Feelings, Communication, Friendship, Conflict, Change and Loss and Moving forward. SPARK Resilience draws on mindfulness, positive psychology and CBT to help children boost strengths, control strong emotions and reframe thinking. We partner with local authorities to run the programmes or we hold open courses for schools to attend across the country - there is a cost to attend training and purchase resources. We run funded projects in areas of disadvantage to support the most vulnerable children. It is well documented that well implemented SEL programmes and CBT interventions produce positive outcomes for skills and behaviours.","Member Directory Link":"https://faireducationalliance.circle.so/c/member-directory-755067/?orgid=0013z00002SbCaP"},{"Account Name":"CoachBright","Account ID":"0013z00002RJBHP","CASESAFEID":"0013z00002RJBHPAA5","Organisation Type":"Delivery Organisation","Date Member Last Updated URN Data":"2023-07-02","Inequality thematic focus":"Attainment; Mental health and wellbeing; Skills development; University access and progression; Careers and employability","Region":"East Midlands","Regions tackling educational inequality":"London; South East; South West; West Midlands","Beneficiary age/key stage":"Age 11-14/Key stage 3; Age 14-16/Key stage 4; Age 16-18/Key stage 5","Website":"http://www.coachbright.org/","Public email":"team@coachbright.org","Intervention description":"What do we do and how: CoachBright run academic coaching programmes in school for disadvantaged pupils to help improve their grades, confidence and independence. We do this by pairing pupils with a relatable role model to work. We run 2 main in-school programmes; Core involves pairing pupils with a university student coach (1:2 - 1:3), and peer-to-peer involves training older pupils (usually KS5) to become coaches and coach younger pupils (KS3 or 4). We deliver to a range of schools, academies and MATs. We also work with universities running various programmes (with some universities funding in-school programmes). We deliver our programmes each school term (3 'cycles' per year), beginning and ending with a launch/graduation trip to the university. We deliver programmes across London and the South East (inc. Isle of Wight), the South West and the West Midlands. Work delivered by full/part-time staff & uni student volunteers.","Member Directory Link":"https://faireducationalliance.circle.so/c/member-directory-755067/?orgid=0013z00002RJBHP"},{"Account Name":"ELATT","Account ID":"0013z00002RJBKS","CASESAFEID":"0013z00002RJBKSAA5","Organisation Type":"Delivery Organisation","Date Member Last Updated URN Data":"2022-06-08","Inequality thematic focus":"Attainment; Mental health and wellbeing; Skills development; Careers and employability","Region":"London","Regions tackling educational inequality":"London","Beneficiary age/key stage":"Age 14-16/Key stage 4; Age 16-18/Key stage 5; Other; Age 18-30","Website":"https://www.elatt.org.uk/","Public email":"hello@elatt.org.uk","Intervention description":"We address educational inequality through our recruitment processes, whole person approach to training and development, and links with employers to give our students an understand of the world of work and their potential. We do this through a five stage approach: Get connected ? individual interventions that address barriers to participation. We specialise in supporting looked after children and young people with neuro diversity. Get the basics ? entry level courses in English, maths and IT Get skilled ? advanced courses specialising in digital skills: web design and development, computer engineering, business administration and digital media production Get involved ? volunteering and community involvement in partnership with Citizens UK, campaigning in areas of importance to our students. Get work ready ? work experience and employability mentoring, supported by partners such as UBS, Sopra Steria and Wellington Foundation.","Member Directory Link":"https://faireducationalliance.circle.so/c/member-directory-755067/?orgid=0013z00002RJBKS"},{"Account Name":"Young Citizens","Account ID":"0013z00002Vxsuc","CASESAFEID":"0013z00002VxsucAAB","Organisation Type":"Delivery Organisation","Date Member Last Updated URN Data":"1969-12-31","Inequality thematic focus":"Skills development; Careers and employability; Other","Region":"London","Regions tackling educational inequality":"East of England; East Midlands; London; North East; North West; South East; South West; West Midlands; Yorkshire and the Humber","Beneficiary age/key stage":"Age 5-7/Key stage 1; Age 7-11/Key stage 2; Age 11-14/Key stage 3; Age 14-16/Key stage 4; Age 16-18/Key stage 5","Website":"https://www.youngcitizens.org","Public email":"yvonne.richards@youngcitizens.org","Intervention description":"Young Citizens' work relates to social inclusion in civic life. As such we are actively seeking to target our work - for example by delivering our student workshops and virtual experts in schools sessions in areas of lower social mobility, and by increasing accessibility to our resources for all schools. We monitor the take up of our programmes from schools and their percentage of FSM and use our evaluation framework to ascertain the level of engagement in our programmes by students with disabilities, FSM status, gender and ethnicity as we are aware that even within schools, a (formal or informal) selection process to partake in the programmes we deliver can exist. In our Experts in Schools and Mock Trials programmes we facilitate sessions where young people who may never have considered eg law or economics as career choices meet professionals face to face who inspire and encourage them to think more widely about options.","Member Directory Link":"https://faireducationalliance.circle.so/c/member-directory-755067/?orgid=0013z00002Vxsuc"},{"Account Name":"Rare Recruitment Limited","Account ID":"0013z00002RIGQI","CASESAFEID":"0013z00002RIGQIAA5","Organisation Type":"Delivery Organisation","Date Member Last Updated URN Data":"2022-06-21","Inequality thematic focus":"Skills development; University access and progression; Careers and employability","Region":"London","Regions tackling educational inequality":"East of England; East Midlands; London; North East; North West; South East; South West; West Midlands; Yorkshire and the Humber","Beneficiary age/key stage":"Age 16-18/Key stage 5; Age 18-30","Website":"http://www.rarerecruitment.co.uk","Public email":"andi.marsh@rarerecruitment.co.uk","Intervention description":"Rare specialises in diversity recruitment. It supports university students from ethnic minority and lower income backgrounds to apply to internships and graduate jobs with top employers. It also supports ethnic minority students to apply to top tier UK universities. Rare?s Contextual Recruitment System [CRS] provides real time contextual information allowing employers to identify exceptional candidates they might otherwise miss. Rare's Target Oxbridge programme helps Black African and Caribbean students improve their chances of gaining places at Oxford and Cambridge. The programme provides personalised one-to-one support for 160 students each year, along with residential visits to the universities, a series of summer academic sessions, and subject specific mentoring. Rare's Target Bath programme helps 50 Black African and Caribbean students a year to improve their chances of gaining places at the University of Bath.","Member Directory Link":"https://faireducationalliance.circle.so/c/member-directory-755067/?orgid=0013z00002RIGQI"},{"Account Name":"Children's University Trust","Account ID":"0013z00002RHsgt","CASESAFEID":"0013z00002RHsgtAAD","Organisation Type":"Delivery Organisation","Date Member Last Updated URN Data":"2023-04-14","Inequality thematic focus":"Attainment; Mental health and wellbeing; Skills development","Region":"North West","Regions tackling educational inequality":"East of England; East Midlands; London; North East; North West; South East; South West; West Midlands; Yorkshire and the Humber","Beneficiary age/key stage":"Age 2-5/Foundation; Age 5-7/Key stage 1; Age 7-11/Key stage 2; Age 11-14/Key stage 3; Age 14-16/Key stage 4; Age 16-18/Key stage 5","Website":"http://www.childrensuniversity.co.uk/","Public email":"sonya.christensen@childrensuniversity.co.uk","Intervention description":"Children?s University has a long history of over 28 years working to improve Social Mobility, Character and Wellbeing in Children. We believe that a Childs background should never determine their destination. We know that Children benefit so much from being in school and that?s why, in collaboration with education and business, we work together to create a level playing field for all children to build character, to thrive and flourish and to enjoy learning both inside of and beyond the four walls of a classroom. We also know that providing a tried and trusted way to increase a child?s social mobility will build upon your social impact as a school and provides a holistic approach to learning. We are a movement co-ordinated across the world by a consortium of partner organisations and in the UK we currently have a passionate network of over 80 Children?s Universities operating in over 84 Local Education Authorities.","Member Directory Link":"https://faireducationalliance.circle.so/c/member-directory-755067/?orgid=0013z00002RHsgt"},{"Account Name":"Think for the Future","Account ID":"0013z00002SZhZp","CASESAFEID":"0013z00002SZhZpAAL","Organisation Type":"Delivery Organisation","Date Member Last Updated URN Data":"1969-12-31","Inequality thematic focus":"Attainment; Mental health and wellbeing","Region":"East Midlands","Regions tackling educational inequality":"East of England; East Midlands; West Midlands; Yorkshire and the Humber","Beneficiary age/key stage":"Age 11-14/Key stage 3; Age 14-16/Key stage 4","Website":"https://www.thinkforthefuture.co.uk/","Public email":"","Intervention description":"We position highly-trained TFTF Behaviour and Resilience Mentors into our partner schools for between 1-5 days per week to work with targeted groups of students who are struggling to engage fully in education. Our Mentors are inspirational role models for students and are experts at building powerful relationships and use our social and emotional curriculum to build character and skills that students can use to change their in-school engagement and take charge of their futures. We then measure the impact of our provision using our data-connection with schools which allows us to accurately report on improvements in behaviour, increased in attendance and reductions in exclusions. Students typically have one 1 hour mentoring session each week, as well as 1to1 support on the day that their TFTF Mentor is at their school. Our Mentors usually work with groups of students once or twice a week for the full academic year.","Member Directory Link":"https://faireducationalliance.circle.so/c/member-directory-755067/?orgid=0013z00002SZhZp"},{"Account Name":"Power2","Account ID":"0013z00002RIGQE","CASESAFEID":"0013z00002RIGQEAA5","Organisation Type":"Delivery Organisation","Date Member Last Updated URN Data":"2023-06-29","Inequality thematic focus":"Attainment; Mental health and wellbeing; Skills development; Careers and employability","Region":"North West","Regions tackling educational inequality":"London; North West; West Midlands","Beneficiary age/key stage":"Age 2-5/Foundation; Age 11-14/Key stage 3; Age 14-16/Key stage 4; Age 16-18/Key stage 5","Website":"https://www.power2.org/","Public email":"info@power2.org","Intervention description":"All our work is delivered by our highly-trained staff team. Teens and Toddlers: 16 weeks Young people become mentors/role-models to a nursery-aged child, supporting learning and development, and participating in reflective group sessions, including specialised coaching. Power2 Thrive: 16 weeks A version of Teens and Toddlers with a focus on mental health and wellbeing Power2 Rediscover: 10 weeks 1:1 support programme for young people with poor wellbeing and disengaged from school and learning. Power2 Advance: 2 years Mentoring and group support for care-experienced young people to improve wellbeing and positively transition to employment/education/training. Power2 Progress: 12 weeks Secondary school students mentor Year 6 students in feeder primaries, supporting them to make positive transitions into secondary school. Local authority commissions in the North West and London delivering early-intervention work","Member Directory Link":"https://faireducationalliance.circle.so/c/member-directory-755067/?orgid=0013z00002RIGQE"},{"Account Name":"World Book Day","Account ID":"0013z00002gKUpD","CASESAFEID":"0013z00002gKUpDAAW","Organisation Type":"Delivery Organisation","Date Member Last Updated URN Data":"1969-12-31","Inequality thematic focus":"Skills development; Other","Region":"London","Regions tackling educational inequality":"East of England; East Midlands; London; North East; North West; South East; South West; West Midlands; Yorkshire and the Humber","Beneficiary age/key stage":"","Website":"www.worldbookday.com","Public email":"cchadderton@worldbookday.com","Intervention description":"In the UK, up to 500,000 children (1 in 15) don?t have a book of their own (this goes up to 1 in 10 for children receiving FSM). We offer every child and young person the opportunity to have a book of their own ? just by visiting a bookshop or supermarket. ? 50m of our ?1 tokens are given to children across the country, in 2022 they were swapped for over 2m ?1 books. ? 1 in 5 (18.8%) pupils receiving FSM said that the ?1 book they ?bought? with their World Book Day book ?1 token had been their first book of their own Over 90,000 ?1/?1.50 books were given to children least likely to have them, in areas of low literacy and high deprivation: Libraries and community centres? Schools? HM Prisons? Children and families experiencing homelessness In hospitals and healthcare situations Traveller communities We work with partner charities to achieve this, including National Literacy Trust, BookTrust and Read for Good.","Member Directory Link":"https://faireducationalliance.circle.so/c/member-directory-755067/?orgid=0013z00002gKUpD"},{"Account Name":"Big Education (QSG)","Account ID":"0013z00002SZhQF","CASESAFEID":"0013z00002SZhQFAA1","Organisation Type":"School","Date Member Last Updated URN Data":"1969-12-31","Inequality thematic focus":"Attainment; Mental health and wellbeing; Skills development; University access and progression; Careers and employability","Region":"London","Regions tackling educational inequality":"East of England; East Midlands; London; North East; North West; South East; South West; West Midlands; Yorkshire and the Humber","Beneficiary age/key stage":"","Website":"https://bigeducation.org/","Public email":"info@bigeducation.org","Intervention description":"Our schools serve diverse communities - ones with the complex challenges of inner-city education and opportunities to make a difference. School 21 and School 360 serve low-income communities in the London borough of Newham. The rate of residents in temporary accommodation is the highest in London, and half of the children are judged to be living in households experiencing poverty. At Surrey Square, 24% of children are living in temporary accommodation. Our children also experience gang culture, knife crime, and other inner London city challenges. Our job is to help them navigate this - through an expansive curriculum of the Head, Heart and Hand. We build equity by building up their confidence and the skills to thrive. We want them to have a sense of purpose and values, to know who they are, what they stand for, and be able to resist the crowd and stake out a pathway to make real change in their communities.","Member Directory Link":"https://faireducationalliance.circle.so/c/member-directory-755067/?orgid=0013z00002SZhQF"},{"Account Name":"MVP Media","Account ID":"0013z00002SZMsS","CASESAFEID":"0013z00002SZMsSAAX","Organisation Type":"Delivery Organisation","Date Member Last Updated URN Data":"2023-06-15","Inequality thematic focus":"Attainment; Mental health and wellbeing; Skills development; University access and progression; Careers and employability","Region":"London","Regions tackling educational inequality":"London","Beneficiary age/key stage":"Age 11-14/Key stage 3; Age 14-16/Key stage 4; Age 16-18/Key stage 5; Age 18-30","Website":"www.mvpmedia.co.uk","Public email":"admin@mvpmedia.co.uk","Intervention description":"MVP aims to see a structural change. A society that builds on and includes its weakest members and together pushes forward the community, economy and opportunities. To support this, MVP has designed a self-sustainable ecosystem, housing a support network, training and employment opportunities. This maximises growth and employment opportunities, within a holistic, individual approach for the young person. This project strategy is designed to: - Create and release high quality digital cultural output - Give adequate vocational development based on 21st century workforce - Employ young people The design has been influenced by ongoing consultation. Activities, scheduled into the delivery encourage project attendees to: - Challenge themselves - Face their fears - Grow in confidence Transferable skills, including employability, self-promotion and network extension, preparing them for the 21st century workforce.","Member Directory Link":"https://faireducationalliance.circle.so/c/member-directory-755067/?orgid=0013z00002SZMsS"},{"Account Name":"Economy","Account ID":"0013z00002SZhRy","CASESAFEID":"0013z00002SZhRyAAL","Organisation Type":"Delivery Organisation","Date Member Last Updated URN Data":"1969-12-31","Inequality thematic focus":"Attainment; Mental health and wellbeing; Skills development","Region":"London","Regions tackling educational inequality":"London","Beneficiary age/key stage":"Age 11-14/Key stage 3; Age 16-18/Key stage 5","Website":"ecnmy.org","Public email":"","Intervention description":"Economy provides a Discover the Economy extra-curricular course (8 x 100 minute sessions) providing a collaborative, positive space for young people to engage with economists and their peers about their economic future, helping prepare young people to take a role of public leadership on the economy and be equipped to engage with economics in politics and the media. It seeks to support students in Year 12 who do not study Economics and would never have considered this (who apply to be on the course) or those in Year 9 who might consider Economics as a subject choice, especially targeting young women and those on the fence by working with a teacher to select these students. In our scaling model successfully piloted this year, we recruit and train mixed groups of undergraduate and postgraduate Economics students currently at or recently graduated from university to facilitate the course in a local school.","Member Directory Link":"https://faireducationalliance.circle.so/c/member-directory-755067/?orgid=0013z00002SZhRy"},{"Account Name":"Early Education","Account ID":"0013z00002oahU4","CASESAFEID":"0013z00002oahU4AAI","Organisation Type":"Membership Body / Union","Date Member Last Updated URN Data":"1969-12-31","Inequality thematic focus":"Early years","Region":"East of England","Regions tackling educational inequality":"East of England; East Midlands; London; North East; North West; South East; South West; West Midlands; Yorkshire and the Humber","Beneficiary age/key stage":"","Website":"www.early-education.org.uk","Public email":"office@early-education.org.uk","Intervention description":"We support the professional development of early years practitioners to enable them to understand how best to support every child to fulfil their potential. Our CPD is offered by a team of 40+ Associates with high levels of expertise in early years pedagogy, and a team of c.60 volunteers run local branches around the country. Many of our members work in areas of economic disadvantage, supporting children from a diverse range of backgrounds and including children with SEND and complex needs and children in need. We offer a CPD programme which is directly bookable by individuals, and also do commissioned bespoke work for schools, settings, local authorities and other organisations. We seek project funding to extend our work, eg developing programmes on particular topics and/or in particular geographical regions. We also campaign to ensure that early years policies support the most disadvantaged children.","Member Directory Link":"https://faireducationalliance.circle.so/c/member-directory-755067/?orgid=0013z00002oahU4"},{"Account Name":"ReachOut","Account ID":"0013z00002RIGQK","CASESAFEID":"0013z00002RIGQKAA5","Organisation Type":"Delivery Organisation","Date Member Last Updated URN Data":"2023-01-20","Inequality thematic focus":"Attainment; Mental health and wellbeing; Skills development; Careers and employability","Region":"London","Regions tackling educational inequality":"London; North West","Beneficiary age/key stage":"Age 7-11/Key stage 2; Age 11-14/Key stage 3; Age 14-16/Key stage 4","Website":"https://www.reachoutuk.org/","Public email":"info@reachoutuk.org","Intervention description":"Young people are referred to us by their schools because they are disengaged, underachieving or lack confidence/self-esteem. Every mentee is paired up with a mentor who they work with weekly at a ReachOut project in their school. Here are the key details of our two types of project. ReachOut Club Primary Schools 12 young people Age 9 - 11 2 hours per week Afternoons (3:30-5:30pm) 18 weeks per year (Oct - April) ReachOut Academy Secondary Schools 16 young people Age 11 - 16 2 hours per week Evenings (6-8pm) 26 weeks per year (Oct - June) Each project is run and managed by a ReachOut project leader, overseeing the team of volunteer mentors. For the first hour of each session, the mentees and their mentors pair up and work one-to-one to work on mentoring goals and academic support. They follow a structured character journey with their mentors and take part in group activities such as sports, debates etc.","Member Directory Link":"https://faireducationalliance.circle.so/c/member-directory-755067/?orgid=0013z00002RIGQK"},{"Account Name":"Tutor Trust","Account ID":"0013z00002RHz97","CASESAFEID":"0013z00002RHz97AAD","Organisation Type":"Delivery Organisation","Date Member Last Updated URN Data":"2023-07-03","Inequality thematic focus":"Attainment; Mental health and wellbeing; Skills development; University access and progression","Region":"North West","Regions tackling educational inequality":"North West; Yorkshire and the Humber","Beneficiary age/key stage":"Age 7-11/Key stage 2; Age 11-14/Key stage 3; Age 14-16/Key stage 4; Age 16-18/Key stage 5","Website":"https://www.thetutortrust.org","Public email":"joanne.meredith@thetutortrust.org","Intervention description":"Our mission is to 'transform lives through tuition' by making sure every child who needs some additional academic support can access a great tutor. We recruit and train bright university students as tutors in the core subjects of Maths, English and Science and place them in state schools. Our retention rate from year to year is approximately 60%. We operate by employing exceptional undergraduates from the most prestigious universities in the North. We pay our tutors competitive rates to ensure that our beneficiaries receive a professional service. Our tutors receive extensive training from teaching professionals to provide tuition in English, Maths and Science for students from years 5-11. Only a third of applicants make it through our rigorous tutor selection process, which ensures that Tutor Trust tutors are not only academically able but also great role models and highly professional and reliable.","Member Directory Link":"https://faireducationalliance.circle.so/c/member-directory-755067/?orgid=0013z00002RHz97"},{"Account Name":"Football Beyond Borders","Account ID":"0013z00002RIGPv","CASESAFEID":"0013z00002RIGPvAAP","Organisation Type":"Delivery Organisation","Date Member Last Updated URN Data":"2023-09-07","Inequality thematic focus":"Attainment; Mental health and wellbeing; Skills development","Region":"London","Regions tackling educational inequality":"London; North West; West Midlands","Beneficiary age/key stage":"","Website":"http://footballbeyondborders.org/","Public email":"info@footballbeyondborders.org","Intervention description":"FBB delivers a long-term (minimum two years), intensive (weekly) and targeted social and emotional learning (SEL) intervention for vulnerable young people in schools. This combines with Reflective Practice and CPD for teachers which impacts whole school approaches to behaviour management and exclusions. All teachers and students in a setting benefit from working with FBB?s culturally competent practitioners, but particularly those at-risk of exclusion. FBB?s work with young people is asset-based and passion-led, relying on strong relationships with young people and key actors in their lives at school, home, and elsewhere. Working with teachers is imperative to reduce behavioural problems and increase attainment. FBB recruits from communities we serve. Our team combines relatability and lived experience with professional qualifications and expertise in teaching and learning, SEN and mental wellbeing.","Member Directory Link":"https://faireducationalliance.circle.so/c/member-directory-755067/?orgid=0013z00002RIGPv"},{"Account Name":"The Linking Network","Account ID":"0013z00002ehEPQ","CASESAFEID":"0013z00002ehEPQAA2","Organisation Type":"Delivery Organisation","Date Member Last Updated URN Data":"2022-07-21","Inequality thematic focus":"Attainment; Mental health and wellbeing; Skills development; Other","Region":"Yorkshire and the Humber","Regions tackling educational inequality":"East of England; East Midlands; London; North East; North West; South East; South West; West Midlands; Yorkshire and the Humber","Beneficiary age/key stage":"","Website":"https://thelinkingnetwork.org.uk/","Public email":"meg.henry@thelinkingnetwork.org.uk","Intervention description":"We bring pupils together across all kinds of lines of difference to promote achievement for all. We seek to challenge all forms of prejudice and help pupils avoid the twin traps of hate and fear and help them play a part in building relationships and a kinder more connected community through Schools Linking and Intergenerational Linking; Teacher Training and resources. Our work increases teacher knowledge and awareness of educational inequality. Our work is built on research into effective social contact that can build pupil confidence in all forms of future contact which is one key building block for future educational success. Evaluation has shown the programme impacts on self efficacy, self esteeem and respect for others and that we work with pupils in some of the most deprived communities in England. We create opportunities that broaden horizons and build a sense of belonging for all.","Member Directory Link":"https://faireducationalliance.circle.so/c/member-directory-755067/?orgid=0013z00002ehEPQ"},{"Account Name":"Royal National Children's SpringBoard Foundation","Account ID":"0013z00002RIGQM","CASESAFEID":"0013z00002RIGQMAA5","Organisation Type":"Delivery Organisation","Date Member Last Updated URN Data":"2022-07-11","Inequality thematic focus":"Attainment; Mental health and wellbeing; Skills development; University access and progression","Region":"London","Regions tackling educational inequality":"East of England; East Midlands; London; North East; North West; South East; South West; West Midlands; Yorkshire and the Humber","Beneficiary age/key stage":"Age 7-11/Key stage 2; Age 11-14/Key stage 3; Age 14-16/Key stage 4; Age 16-18/Key stage 5","Website":"http://www.royalspringboard.org.uk/","Public email":"admin@royalspringboard.org.uk","Intervention description":"We provide children and young people from areas of high socio-economic deprivation and/or who are either in care or on the edge of care with the opportunities of a fully-funded boarding school education (in both independent and boarding schools). We have a network of 150 schools who predominantly fund the cost of those placements themselves, albeit with some we leverage this through a small grant contribution. We identify beneficiaries through our network of >40 partner organisations (local authorities, 11-16 schools in social mobility 'cold spots' and community mentoring organisations. Some pupils are referred to us directly by social workers. 40% of those we support attend boarding school for Yrs 12 & 13 only; with broadly 30% from Year 9 (for 5 years) and 30% from as young as Year 4 (though more typically our younger beneficiaries would start boarding at Year 7 - for a 7 year period).","Member Directory Link":"https://faireducationalliance.circle.so/c/member-directory-755067/?orgid=0013z00002RIGQM"},{"Account Name":"The Elephant Group","Account ID":"0013z00002SZhYs","CASESAFEID":"0013z00002SZhYsAAL","Organisation Type":"Delivery Organisation","Date Member Last Updated URN Data":"1969-12-31","Inequality thematic focus":"University access and progression","Region":"London","Regions tackling educational inequality":"East Midlands; London; North East; Yorkshire and the Humber","Beneficiary age/key stage":"Age 16-18/Key stage 5","Website":"https://www.theelephantgroup.org","Public email":"","Intervention description":"Through a multi-stakeholder collaborative model The Elephant Group provides state schools with knowledge, resource and opportunities for teachers and students. We create regional partnerships with school leaders, universities, corporates and third sector partners to do this, and co-deliver our Year 12-13 Elephant Access Programme to support students to achieve their potential. Elephant Access includes a range of diverse activities including attending summer schools on a university campus, hearing from inspirational speakers, personal statement workshops, mock interview practice and student finance guidance. We don?t want to recreate the wheel, but leverage the insight and resource of all partners across sectors. Elephant Access gives students the skills, resources and interactions with university students ?like them? to increase the number of successful applications to top universities.","Member Directory Link":"https://faireducationalliance.circle.so/c/member-directory-755067/?orgid=0013z00002SZhYs"},{"Account Name":"The Brilliant Club","Account ID":"0013z00002RHz94","CASESAFEID":"0013z00002RHz94AAD","Organisation Type":"Delivery Organisation","Date Member Last Updated URN Data":"2023-06-30","Inequality thematic focus":"Attainment; Skills development; University access and progression","Region":"London","Regions tackling educational inequality":"East of England; East Midlands; London; North East; North West; South East; South West; West Midlands; Yorkshire and the Humber","Beneficiary age/key stage":"Age 7-11/Key stage 2; Age 11-14/Key stage 3; Age 14-16/Key stage 4; Age 16-18/Key stage 5","Website":"https://thebrilliantclub.org/","Public email":"hello@thebrilliantclub.org","Intervention description":"Our 2021-26 strategy, Join the Club, focuses on two main goals: Access and Success. In pursuit of our mission, The Brilliant Club runs two core programmes in schools: The Scholars Programme and Make your Mark. The Scholars Programme recruits, trains and places doctoral and postdoctoral researchers in schools to deliver programmes of university-style tutorials, which are supplemented by a graduation event at a university. Make your Mark is our new programme which seeks to boost attainment in less advantaged students. Educational inequality does not disappear when a student enters university. Our student success programme, Join the Dots, connects schools and colleges together with universities to support students in the transition to higher education. We also run Parent Power, empowering parents and carers across the country to support their young people on the path to university.","Member Directory Link":"https://faireducationalliance.circle.so/c/member-directory-755067/?orgid=0013z00002RHz94"},{"Account Name":"The Foundation Years Trust","Account ID":"0013z00002RJBKb","CASESAFEID":"0013z00002RJBKbAAP","Organisation Type":"Delivery Organisation","Date Member Last Updated URN Data":"2022-07-05","Inequality thematic focus":"Early years","Region":"North West","Regions tackling educational inequality":"North West","Beneficiary age/key stage":"Age 2-5/Foundation; Other","Website":"https://www.foundationyearstrust.org.uk/","Public email":"alvandermerwe@foundationyearstrust.org.uk","Intervention description":"- Working in partnership with nurseries to embed weekly sessions for parents and children to model how to maximise the home learning environment (HLE) through play and everyday interaction - and transition groups for children starting nursery the following September. - Delivering groups in community settings for pre-nursery age children with the same aim. - Delivering a borough wide campaign to promote HLE messages in partnership with other key stakeholders. - Empowering parents to become co/leaders in the programme through a volunteer programme and to provide peer support. - Providing CPD to early years staff on parent engagement and the HLE. - Co-leading Wirral's 1001 First Days programme with a partner charity and one of the core members of Wirral's charity-led early help programme. - Leading the Liverpool City Region's early years network for charities and other partners.","Member Directory Link":"https://faireducationalliance.circle.so/c/member-directory-755067/?orgid=0013z00002RJBKb"},{"Account Name":"JAGS Foundation","Account ID":"0013z00002SZhUA","CASESAFEID":"0013z00002SZhUAAA1","Organisation Type":"Delivery Organisation","Date Member Last Updated URN Data":"1969-12-31","Inequality thematic focus":"Mental health and wellbeing; Skills development","Region":"London","Regions tackling educational inequality":"London","Beneficiary age/key stage":"Age 14-16/Key stage 4; Age 16-18/Key stage 5; Age 18-30","Website":"https://jagsfoundation.org","Public email":"","Intervention description":"We will work to address the high numbers of young people both male and female from BAME backgrounds who are on the verge of being excluded from mainstream school and/or have already been permanently excluded and deemed ???most at risk??? often because of the lack of trauma/counselling services young people have access to following the loss of a friend to youth on youth violence. We deliver whole-school intervention programmes, awareness raising workshops for teachers and deliver a number of afterschool detached youth work projects for vulnerable females. Our work is delivered by a team of lived experience facilitators and young people who have also been directly affected by youth violence. Our work takes places in schools and pupil referral units in Pan London with a focus on schools in South London where we have seen a 27.6% increase in serious youth violence offences.","Member Directory Link":"https://faireducationalliance.circle.so/c/member-directory-755067/?orgid=0013z00002SZhUA"},{"Account Name":"Zero Gravity","Account ID":"0013z00002SZhbO","CASESAFEID":"0013z00002SZhbOAAT","Organisation Type":"Delivery Organisation","Date Member Last Updated URN Data":"2023-08-29","Inequality thematic focus":"Attainment; Skills development; University access and progression; Careers and employability","Region":"London","Regions tackling educational inequality":"East of England; East Midlands; London; North East; North West; South East; South West; West Midlands; Yorkshire and the Humber","Beneficiary age/key stage":"Age 16-18/Key stage 5; Age 18-30","Website":"www.zerogravity.co.uk","Public email":"joe@zerogravity.co.uk","Intervention description":"Where we start off in life often pins us down - almost like gravity. Even today, many students must overcome unique challenges to reach the very best universities. By harnessing the power of digital technology, our mentoring platform connects the UK?s brightest state school students with leading university undergraduates. Our undergrad mentors share their subject insights and experiences navigating the university application process to get our students ready for top flight study. This happens through weekly one hour video sessions where mentors concentrate on developing students' skills, deepening their level of academic engagement, and then navigating them through the university application process. Once students receive university offers, the mentoring continues to bridge the gap between school and university - teaching the skills required for degree-level study.","Member Directory Link":"https://faireducationalliance.circle.so/c/member-directory-755067/?orgid=0013z00002SZhbO"},{"Account Name":"#BeeWell","Account ID":"0013z00002ehm2Y","CASESAFEID":"0013z00002ehm2YAAQ","Organisation Type":"Delivery Organisation","Date Member Last Updated URN Data":"2023-07-05","Inequality thematic focus":"Mental health and wellbeing","Region":"North West","Regions tackling educational inequality":"North West; South East","Beneficiary age/key stage":"Age 14-16/Key stage 4","Website":"https://beewellprogramme.org/","Public email":"beewell@manchester.ac.uk","Intervention description":"We assess wellbeing inequalities both within schools and in neighbourhoods. We create community of practices of schools to improve student wellbeing in that setting; and will inspire a coalition of actors to act on published wellbeing data by neighbourhood. There are sixty seven of these across Greater Manchester. We have recently published findings on our second-year of data, which shows the inequalities in wellbeing experienced by young people, especially LGBTQ+ young people. We have expanded to deliver the programme in Hampshire, Isle of Wight, Portsmouth and Southampton (HIPS) in 2023, with a view to rolling out nationally. #BeeWell shares survey results privately to participating schools and publicly by neighbourhoods to inform targeted action to improve young people's wellbeing within schools, communities and through local and national policy initiatives.","Member Directory Link":"https://faireducationalliance.circle.so/c/member-directory-755067/?orgid=0013z00002ehm2Y"},{"Account Name":"English-Speaking Union","Account ID":"0013z00002RHsgv","CASESAFEID":"0013z00002RHsgvAAD","Organisation Type":"Delivery Organisation","Date Member Last Updated URN Data":"1969-12-31","Inequality thematic focus":"Attainment; Skills development; University access and progression; Careers and employability; Other","Region":"London","Regions tackling educational inequality":"East of England; East Midlands; London; North East; North West; South East; South West; West Midlands; Yorkshire and the Humber","Beneficiary age/key stage":"","Website":"https://www.esu.org/","Public email":"education@esu.org","Intervention description":"We work with young people and their teachers to improve oracy skills and cross-cultural understanding, particularly in areas of disadvantage. We run fun, games-led debate and public speaking curricula and workshops which encourage students to discuss a wide range of topical issues with an open mind. We guide schools on using oracy in the classroom and on setting up and maintaining their own debate clubs; and we provide teachers with a range of Continuing Professional Development (CPD) opportunities in the fields of speech and debate. Nationally and internationally, we also run public speaking and debating competitions (some supported by our extensive volunteer network) to hone the skills we provide, and offer a variety of cultural exchanges for students, teachers and professionals alike to build relationships and share ideas across communities and countries.","Member Directory Link":"https://faireducationalliance.circle.so/c/member-directory-755067/?orgid=0013z00002RHsgv"},{"Account Name":"NCS Trust","Account ID":"0013z00002SZhVe","CASESAFEID":"0013z00002SZhVeAAL","Organisation Type":"Delivery Organisation","Date Member Last Updated URN Data":"2023-06-23","Inequality thematic focus":"Mental health and wellbeing; Skills development; Careers and employability","Region":"London","Regions tackling educational inequality":"East of England; East Midlands; London; North East; North West; South East; South West; West Midlands; Yorkshire and the Humber","Beneficiary age/key stage":"Age 14-16/Key stage 4; Age 16-18/Key stage 5","Website":"https://wearencs.com/","Public email":"education@ncstrust.org.uk","Intervention description":"In the 2022/23 academic year NCS supported young people through a variety of experiences, including two that took place in the young person?s school, college or other educational setting. NCS Skills Booster provided high-quality Personal Development opportunities to students in Years 11 and 12 by delivering experiences (either 15 hours of in-person support from our partner network or through school/college staff using our lesson materials) covering a number of key themes: > Employability & Next Steps > Citizenship & Social Action > Life Skills & Independent Living Additionally we delivered bespoke residential experiences for schools and colleges throughout the Autumn and Spring terms - providing opportunities for their Year 12 students to develop their skills for life and work, make new friends, and design social action projects for their local communities.","Member Directory Link":"https://faireducationalliance.circle.so/c/member-directory-755067/?orgid=0013z00002SZhVe"},{"Account Name":"Learning with Parents","Account ID":"0013z00002RHz8t","CASESAFEID":"0013z00002RHz8tAAD","Organisation Type":"Delivery Organisation","Date Member Last Updated URN Data":"2023-06-26","Inequality thematic focus":"Attainment","Region":"South West","Regions tackling educational inequality":"East of England; East Midlands; London; North East; North West; South East; South West; West Midlands; Yorkshire and the Humber","Beneficiary age/key stage":"Age 2-5/Foundation; Age 5-7/Key stage 1; Age 7-11/Key stage 2","Website":"https://learningwithparents.com/","Public email":"hello@learningwithparents.com","Intervention description":"In the UK, not all children have a fair shot at education. By age 11, a disadvantaged child is on average nine months behind their peers in English and Maths. But it?s about more than just attainment. This child is more likely in their life to be excluded, to become unemployed, have poor health and even to end up in prison. The gap between poor children and their peers has grown further since the pandemic. Schools are doing their best to close it but they cannot do it alone. Only 14% of the gap at age 11 is related to what happens at school. 49% of the gap is related to what happens at home. Only by supporting all parents and carers can we tackle educational inequality and ensure that every child has the chance to fulfil their potential. Our mission is to narrow the attainment gap by supporting all parents and carers to engage in their children?s learning.","Member Directory Link":"https://faireducationalliance.circle.so/c/member-directory-755067/?orgid=0013z00002RHz8t"},{"Account Name":"Association of Colleges","Account ID":"0013z00002SZhPq","CASESAFEID":"0013z00002SZhPqAAL","Organisation Type":"Membership Body / Union","Date Member Last Updated URN Data":"1969-12-31","Inequality thematic focus":"Mental health and wellbeing; Skills development; University access and progression; Careers and employability","Region":"London","Regions tackling educational inequality":"East of England; East Midlands; London; North East; North West; South East; South West; West Midlands; Yorkshire and the Humber","Beneficiary age/key stage":"","Website":"https://www.aoc.co.uk","Public email":"enquiries@aoc.co.uk","Intervention description":"The AoC is the voice for colleges and has a clear strategic objective to lead thinking and influence policy around post 16 education. 21% of college students have a learning difficulty and/or disability and 16% of college students received a free school meal at age 16. 27% of students in colleges are from an ethnic minority background. Our work focuses on influencing policy and raising awareness of the work that colleges do to support learners in communities around the country. Our work is largely delivered via national policy groups comprising AoC staff and sector leaders, as well as advocating for colleges in discussions with government and other national bodies. The AoC and its subsidiary, AoC Sport, also directly engages with national partners focused on mental health and wellbeing of young people, as well as skill development and employability.","Member Directory Link":"https://faireducationalliance.circle.so/c/member-directory-755067/?orgid=0013z00002SZhPq"},{"Account Name":"Talk The Talk","Account ID":"0013z00002RIGQQ","CASESAFEID":"0013z00002RIGQQAA5","Organisation Type":"Delivery Organisation","Date Member Last Updated URN Data":"2023-07-13","Inequality thematic focus":"Attainment; Mental health and wellbeing; Skills development; University access and progression; Careers and employability","Region":"West Midlands","Regions tackling educational inequality":"East of England; East Midlands; London; North East; North West; South East; South West; West Midlands; Yorkshire and the Humber","Beneficiary age/key stage":"Age 11-14/Key stage 3; Age 14-16/Key stage 4; Age 16-18/Key stage 5","Website":"http://www.talkthetalkuk.org/","Public email":"info@talkthetalkuk.org","Intervention description":"We increase students? skills and confidence via transformational workshops that support a consistent approach to oracy across all subjects and contribute towards fulfilling Ofsted and Estyn inspection framework criteria. We work with whole year groups as well as targeting individual classes because peer support is essential to embedding long-term benefits and cultural change. Students receive the support, stretch and challenge they need to flourish with a 1:30 trainer to student ratio in our workshops. A package of resources and follow-up support to ensure sustained benefit from our workshops. External evaluation adds reassurances that your students receive maximum impact from their workshops. We?re one of England and Wales most popular providers of oracy intervention ? working directly with over 30,000 students across England and Wales in 2021/22.","Member Directory Link":"https://faireducationalliance.circle.so/c/member-directory-755067/?orgid=0013z00002RIGQQ"},{"Account Name":"The Access Project","Account ID":"0013z00002RHz93","CASESAFEID":"0013z00002RHz93AAD","Organisation Type":"Delivery Organisation","Date Member Last Updated URN Data":"1969-12-31","Inequality thematic focus":"Attainment; University access and progression","Region":"London","Regions tackling educational inequality":"East Midlands; London; West Midlands; Yorkshire and the Humber","Beneficiary age/key stage":"Age 14-16/Key stage 4; Age 16-18/Key stage 5; Age 18-30","Website":"https://www.theaccessproject.org.uk/","Public email":"info@theaccessproject.org.uk","Intervention description":"The Access Project works with bright students from disadvantaged backgrounds, providing in-school support and personalised tuition, to help them gain access to top third universities. We run a 2-4 year intensive programme of support for pupils aged 14-18, designed to raise aspirations, develop knowledge of university, and drive academic attainment. We provide: ? One to one tuition - with volunteer professionals who work for some of Britain's leading organisations - to help students raise their grades. ? Mentoring through trained in-school University Access Officers, with the aim of giving pupils the confidence and skills to apply to selective universities. The Access Officers run one-to-one sessions, workshops, trips to universities and specialist societies to support students with additional application hurdles (e.g. those for medicine and law).","Member Directory Link":"https://faireducationalliance.circle.so/c/member-directory-755067/?orgid=0013z00002RHz93"},{"Account Name":"Schoolreaders","Account ID":"0013z00002UBbOZ","CASESAFEID":"0013z00002UBbOZAA1","Organisation Type":"Delivery Organisation","Date Member Last Updated URN Data":"1969-12-31","Inequality thematic focus":"Early years; Skills development","Region":"East of England","Regions tackling educational inequality":"East of England; East Midlands; London; North East; North West; South East; South West; West Midlands; Yorkshire and the Humber","Beneficiary age/key stage":"","Website":"https://www.schoolreaders.org","Public email":"admin@schoolreaders.org","Intervention description":"Schoolreaders vision is that every child should learn to read well. We recruit volunteers, interviews them and matches them to partner primary schools who listen to children read 1:1 on a weekly basis for free to ensure that all school are able to access the service irrespective of budget constraints. Volunteers commit to attend for a minimum of 1 hour, each week for at least 1 year. All state primary schools in England and Wales are able to sign up to the scheme and request volunteers. Schoolreaders then work to recruit volunteers in specific areas, focusing on schools in the areas of highest deprivation. The school decide which year, class and children their volunteers listen to, so from reception right through to year 6. The average time a volunteer spends in school each week is 2.94 hours and 10.35 children are supported in a typical visit.","Member Directory Link":"https://faireducationalliance.circle.so/c/member-directory-755067/?orgid=0013z00002UBbOZ"},{"Account Name":"Social Mobility Business Partnership","Account ID":"0013z00002kFWC6","CASESAFEID":"0013z00002kFWC6AAO","Organisation Type":"Delivery Organisation","Date Member Last Updated URN Data":"1969-12-31","Inequality thematic focus":"Skills development; University access and progression; Careers and employability","Region":"London","Regions tackling educational inequality":"East of England; East Midlands; London; North East; North West; South East; South West; West Midlands; Yorkshire and the Humber","Beneficiary age/key stage":"","Website":"https://www.smbp.org.uk","Public email":"info@smbp.org.uk","Intervention description":"A volunteer-led charity, SMBP is a collaboration of 197 commercial organisations, professional services firms and professional sports teams working in towns and cities across the U.K. All are committed to supporting students from low income backgrounds in their pursuit of a career in business. Since 2014, SMBP has grown from offering opportunities to 20 students in London, to over 700 student places across the UK in 2023. Students benefit from visiting four different businesses in a week, learning through interactive business games, and spend the fifth day at a professional sports club where they learn about the psychology of resilience. They are given access to the SMBP App upon registration where they can access everything they need for the week, access to additional career support, skills zone, information on student finance plus much more.","Member Directory Link":"https://faireducationalliance.circle.so/c/member-directory-755067/?orgid=0013z00002kFWC6"},{"Account Name":"Roots of Empathy","Account ID":"0013z00002RIGQL","CASESAFEID":"0013z00002RIGQLAA5","Organisation Type":"Delivery Organisation","Date Member Last Updated URN Data":"1969-12-31","Inequality thematic focus":"Mental health and wellbeing; Skills development","Region":"London","Regions tackling educational inequality":"East Midlands; London; North West; South East; West Midlands; Yorkshire and the Humber","Beneficiary age/key stage":"","Website":"http://uk.rootsofempathy.org/","Public email":"kcohen@rootsofempathy.org","Intervention description":"Roots of Empathy UK delivers an evidence-based classroom programme to children in primary school that has shown significant effect in reducing levels of aggression and bullying among children while raising social/emotional competence and increasing empathy. Empathy promotes resilience, wellbeing and positive mental health and enables children to create deeper connections to themselves and others so they are more inclined to help others and less inclined to hurt them. Trained Roots of Empathy Instructors visit the classroom 27 times during the school year, using a specialised age appropriate curriculum with lesson plans for each visit. At the heart of the programme is a local baby and parent who visit the class 9 times over the school year. The instructor coaches the students to observe the baby?s development and label the baby?s feelings.","Member Directory Link":"https://faireducationalliance.circle.so/c/member-directory-755067/?orgid=0013z00002RIGQL"},{"Account Name":"Ormiston Trust","Account ID":"0013z00002RIGQC","CASESAFEID":"0013z00002RIGQCAA5","Organisation Type":"Delivery Organisation","Date Member Last Updated URN Data":"2022-08-31","Inequality thematic focus":"Attainment; Mental health and wellbeing; Skills development; Careers and employability","Region":"London","Regions tackling educational inequality":"East of England; East Midlands; London; North East; North West; South East; South West; West Midlands; Yorkshire and the Humber","Beneficiary age/key stage":"Age 2-5/Foundation; Age 5-7/Key stage 1; Age 7-11/Key stage 2; Age 11-14/Key stage 3; Age 14-16/Key stage 4; Age 16-18/Key stage 5","Website":"http://www.ormistontrust.org/","Public email":"jmurray@ormistontrust.co.uk","Intervention description":"We provide funding of circa ?1.5m p.a. for universal and targeted programmes to tackle inequality in three Multi Academy Trusts. Example funded programmes include: A project to improve literacy and communication for 2,500 students by producing a community magazine three times a year. A project to improve attainment for targeted pupils at risk of academic under-achievement and who face multiple barriers to success. External counselling is provided. A project to improve student skills through a programme called ?Go Boys? and ?Go Girls? which are self-esteem raising workshops for Looked After Children (LAC). This was a six week programme and the outcome aim was to better prepare pupils for dealing with situations and demonstrate improved motivation and engagement. A project to improve students skills through a Young People?s Task Group","Member Directory Link":"https://faireducationalliance.circle.so/c/member-directory-755067/?orgid=0013z00002RIGQC"},{"Account Name":"Apps for Good","Account ID":"0013z00002QFvJj","CASESAFEID":"0013z00002QFvJjAAL","Organisation Type":"Delivery Organisation","Date Member Last Updated URN Data":"2023-07-05","Inequality thematic focus":"Attainment; Mental health and wellbeing; Skills development; Careers and employability","Region":"London","Regions tackling educational inequality":"East of England; East Midlands; London; North East; North West; South East; South West; West Midlands; Yorkshire and the Humber","Beneficiary age/key stage":"Age 11-14/Key stage 3; Age 14-16/Key stage 4","Website":"https://www.appsforgood.org/","Public email":"natalie.moore@appsforgood.org","Intervention description":"Apps for Good exists to ensure ALL young people have the tech innovation skills to thrive in an ever-changing world. We have over a decade of experience providing free tech innovation courses to almost 240,000 UK young people. Our courses give students the skills and determination to shape their future through technology, while giving teachers the support and confidence to deliver high quality computing content and resources. More than half of the schools we work with are in challenging circumstances and we?re committed to offering an opportunity for all. We?re proud to partner with leading brands such as Lego, Spotify, and Google to keep our course content 100% free to schools. Students benefit from industry expertise from over 300 industry volunteers. In 2020/21 56% of the schools we worked with were in challenging circumstances.","Member Directory Link":"https://faireducationalliance.circle.so/c/member-directory-755067/?orgid=0013z00002QFvJj"},{"Account Name":"The Careers & Enterprise Company","Account ID":"0013z00002RIGQU","CASESAFEID":"0013z00002RIGQUAA5","Organisation Type":"Delivery Organisation","Date Member Last Updated URN Data":"1969-12-31","Inequality thematic focus":"Attainment; Skills development; University access and progression","Region":"London","Regions tackling educational inequality":"East of England; East Midlands; London; North East; North West; South East; South West; West Midlands; Yorkshire and the Humber","Beneficiary age/key stage":"Age 11-14/Key stage 3; Age 14-16/Key stage 4; Age 16-18/Key stage 5","Website":"https://www.careersandenterprise.co.uk/","Public email":"info@careersandenterprise.co.uk","Intervention description":"The CEC was established in 2014 to help link schools and colleges to employers, in order to increase employer engagement for young people. The organisation was set up by Government in response to criticism by Ofsted and other expert voices that the careers support landscape was fragmented, underinvested, and lacked leadership. During its first three years, the CEC built a network to link schools and colleges to employers and funded employer engagement activities where they were most needed. A growing number of young people have already benefitted from the increasing amount of meaningful employer engagement. The 2017 government Careers Strategy evolved the role of the CEC to help schools and colleges more broadly deliver world class careers support by building Networks, supporting Careers Leaders and backing the Gatsby Benchmarks.","Member Directory Link":"https://faireducationalliance.circle.so/c/member-directory-755067/?orgid=0013z00002RIGQU"},{"Account Name":"Future First","Account ID":"0013z00002RHsgy","CASESAFEID":"0013z00002RHsgyAAD","Organisation Type":"Delivery Organisation","Date Member Last Updated URN Data":"2023-06-29","Inequality thematic focus":"Attainment; Skills development; University access and progression","Region":"London","Regions tackling educational inequality":"East of England; East Midlands; London; North East; North West; South East; South West; West Midlands; Yorkshire and the Humber","Beneficiary age/key stage":"Age 7-11/Key stage 2; Age 11-14/Key stage 3; Age 14-16/Key stage 4; Age 16-18/Key stage 5; Age 18-30","Website":"https://futurefirst.org.uk/","Public email":"info@futurefirst.org.uk","Intervention description":"Future First sets up Alumni networks around state schools. Alumni communities have two distinctive strengths: relatability and sustainability. Having grown up in the same area and perhaps having had some of the same teachers, former students are ideal role models as they are instantly relatable. They can offer advice to students from their own context. Alumni can prove to students that ?someone like me? can succeed and prosper. Schools and colleges have a lasting pool of support available because as new students leave the school each year , they join the growing community of volunteers. Within every school and college?s alumni community, there is a host of potential career and education role models. The list of possibilities are endless and new innovative ways of working with alumni are developing everyday","Member Directory Link":"https://faireducationalliance.circle.so/c/member-directory-755067/?orgid=0013z00002RHsgy"},{"Account Name":"The Difference","Account ID":"0013z00002RIGQW","CASESAFEID":"0013z00002RIGQWAA5","Organisation Type":"Delivery Organisation","Date Member Last Updated URN Data":"2023-06-30","Inequality thematic focus":"Attainment; Mental health and wellbeing; Skills development; Careers and employability; Other","Region":"London","Regions tackling educational inequality":"East of England; East Midlands; London; North East; North West; South East; South West; West Midlands; Yorkshire and the Humber","Beneficiary age/key stage":"","Website":"https://www.the-difference.com/","Public email":"info@the-difference.com","Intervention description":"We work towards our vision of reducing school exclusions in England through three key strands. 1) People: Finding and upskilling a new generation of inclusive school leaders by running a successful Difference Leadership Programme in partnership with AP and mainstream schools nationwide. 2) Practice: Identifying inclusive best practice - including conducting our own research with a growing network of school partners - and sharing this across the education sector through our Inclusive Leadership Course delivered to current mainstream leaders. 3) Policy: Strategically influencing education policymakers (including politicians and multi-academy-trusts) to create inclusive change at scale. We challenge incorrect beliefs about exclusions and demonstrate the positive impact of investing in inclusion.","Member Directory Link":"https://faireducationalliance.circle.so/c/member-directory-755067/?orgid=0013z00002RIGQW"},{"Account Name":"Shout Out UK","Account ID":"0013z00002SZhXZ","CASESAFEID":"0013z00002SZhXZAA1","Organisation Type":"Delivery Organisation","Date Member Last Updated URN Data":"1969-12-31","Inequality thematic focus":"Skills development","Region":"London","Regions tackling educational inequality":"East of England; East Midlands; London; North East; North West; South East; South West; West Midlands; Yorkshire and the Humber","Beneficiary age/key stage":"","Website":"https://www.shoutoutuk.org/","Public email":"lucas@shoutoutuk.org","Intervention description":"We deliver Political and Media Literacy education to predominantly low-income young people across the UK to balance the field when it comes to decision-making in our democracy as currently those that go to private school tend to have a better understanding of politics than those in state schools, with the stats getting worse for low-income families in state schools. Democracy can only function properly if everyone has access to how it works. We deliver our work through direct delivery either as a workshop or three part course, CPD training and via our eportal. The training is delivered by our skilled facilitators, as we work with PRUs and young people at risk of radicalisation, we can't use volunteers. We deliver across the UK, and our delivery period runs throughout the academic calander.","Member Directory Link":"https://faireducationalliance.circle.so/c/member-directory-755067/?orgid=0013z00002SZhXZ"},{"Account Name":"STEM Learning","Account ID":"0013z00002sst2h","CASESAFEID":"0013z00002sst2hAAA","Organisation Type":"Delivery Organisation","Date Member Last Updated URN Data":"2023-07-04","Inequality thematic focus":"Attainment; Skills development; University access and progression; Careers and employability","Region":"Yorkshire and the Humber","Regions tackling educational inequality":"East of England; East Midlands; London; North East; North West; South East; South West; West Midlands; Yorkshire and the Humber","Beneficiary age/key stage":"","Website":"https://www.stem.org.uk","Public email":"enquiries@stem.org.uk","Intervention description":"STEM Learning is the largest provider of STEM education and careers support to schools, colleges and community groups across the UK, working with teachers, employers and others to increase the number and diversity of young people progressing in STEM studies and into STEM-related careers. Our support is targeted to those that need it the most, for example through subsidies for teachers in areas of disadvantage (eg education investment areas). Some programmes are specifically dedicated to supporting young people from disadvantaged backgrounds. For example, STEM Learning has specific impact on narrowing the attainment gap for young people in disadvantaged circumstances through our ENTHUSE Partnerships and our STEM Summer Camps were targeted at schools with a high number of free school meals.","Member Directory Link":"https://faireducationalliance.circle.so/c/member-directory-755067/?orgid=0013z00002sst2h"},{"Account Name":"Yes Futures","Account ID":"0013z00002RHz9A","CASESAFEID":"0013z00002RHz9AAAT","Organisation Type":"Delivery Organisation","Date Member Last Updated URN Data":"2023-06-30","Inequality thematic focus":"Mental health and wellbeing; Skills development; Careers and employability","Region":"London","Regions tackling educational inequality":"East of England; London; South East","Beneficiary age/key stage":"Age 7-11/Key stage 2; Age 11-14/Key stage 3; Age 14-16/Key stage 4","Website":"https://www.yesfutures.org/","Public email":"info@yesfutures.org","Intervention description":"Yes Futures is a multi award-winning education charity run by ?Outstanding? (Ofsted-rated) qualified teachers. We specialise in personal development programmes which empower disadvantaged young people to make ambitious choices and realise their potential. Our 12-month programme is underpinned by a series of personalised coaching sessions, raising students? wellbeing and aspirations, and reducing barriers to achievement. Through one-to-one coaching, students develop their self-awareness, gain a strong understanding of their skills and strengths and how they can use these in everyday situations. Alongside the coaching sessions, students attend two inspirational trips where they develop their skills in real-world situations and challenge themselves to achieve beyond their expectations.","Member Directory Link":"https://faireducationalliance.circle.so/c/member-directory-755067/?orgid=0013z00002RHz9A"},{"Account Name":"The Prince's Trust","Account ID":"0013z00002RIGQa","CASESAFEID":"0013z00002RIGQaAAP","Organisation Type":"Delivery Organisation","Date Member Last Updated URN Data":"1969-12-31","Inequality thematic focus":"Mental health and wellbeing; Skills development; Careers and employability","Region":"London","Regions tackling educational inequality":"East of England; East Midlands; London; North East; North West; South East; South West; West Midlands; Yorkshire and the Humber","Beneficiary age/key stage":"Age 11-14/Key stage 3; Age 14-16/Key stage 4; Age 16-18/Key stage 5; Age 18-30","Website":"https://www.princes-trust.org.uk/","Public email":"grace.breen@princes-trust.org.uk","Intervention description":"We run 3 programmes in secondary schools as a part of our wider offering which supports young people aged 11-30. In secondary schools, we offer mentoring through our Mosaic programme, as well as personal development through our Achieve programme. This is delivered primarily in schools and colleges, but also in a limited number of PRU settings and Prince's Trust centres. The third schools programme is our Enterprise Challenge. We also work with young people over the age of 16 to support their personal development through our Team and Explore programmes which help to prepare them for their next steps. We also work with corporate partners to support young people into employment through our Get Started, Get Into and Get Hired programmes. Details of all of these available on our website.","Member Directory Link":"https://faireducationalliance.circle.so/c/member-directory-755067/?orgid=0013z00002RIGQa"},{"Account Name":"In2scienceUK","Account ID":"0013z00002SZLeG","CASESAFEID":"0013z00002SZLeGAAX","Organisation Type":"Delivery Organisation","Date Member Last Updated URN Data":"2022-07-13","Inequality thematic focus":"Skills development; University access and progression; Careers and employability","Region":"London","Regions tackling educational inequality":"London; South East; South West; West Midlands","Beneficiary age/key stage":"Age 16-18/Key stage 5; Age 18-30","Website":"https://in2scienceuk.org/","Public email":"info@in2scienceuk.org","Intervention description":"In2scienceUK exists to unlock the potential of young people from disadvantaged backgrounds and boost diversity and inclusion in the sector to ensure the UK remains at the forefront of science, technology, engineering and maths (STEM) based industries. With salaries in STEM being 20% higher than other sectors, this helps young people progress to better-paid jobs and economic stability. We leverage the skills, expertise, and passion of STEM professionals and researchers, to support young people from disadvantaged backgrounds become the innovators and pioneers of the future. Our students gain access to Inspiring Work Placements, High-Quality Information Skills Days and Careers Workshops, University, Apprenticeship and Further Training Guidance and Public Engagement Competitions.","Member Directory Link":"https://faireducationalliance.circle.so/c/member-directory-755067/?orgid=0013z00002SZLeG"},{"Account Name":"London South Teaching School Hub","Account ID":"0013z00002SZhUg","CASESAFEID":"0013z00002SZhUgAAL","Organisation Type":"Delivery Organisation","Date Member Last Updated URN Data":"1969-12-31","Inequality thematic focus":"Attainment; Mental health and wellbeing; University access and progression","Region":"London","Regions tackling educational inequality":"London; South East","Beneficiary age/key stage":"Age 2-5/Foundation; Age 5-7/Key stage 1; Age 7-11/Key stage 2; Age 11-14/Key stage 3; Age 14-16/Key stage 4; Age 16-18/Key stage 5","Website":"https://www.londonsouthtsh.org/","Public email":"sbotchway@londonsouthtsh.org","Intervention description":"Professional development for teachers to enable a more diverse school leadership workforce, to raise attainment and improve wellbeing for pupils of all ages, and to improve teaching and learning more generally so that children's life chances are improved. Our particular areas of focus are women and ethnic minority school leadership, arts access for disadvantaged pupils, supporting pupils with special needs and disabilities, mental health and wellbeing. We also work collaboratively across schools, brokering teachers and leaders from strong schools to support struggling schools and those working in more challenging circumstances, with the goal of levelling the playing field and improving teaching and learning for all. Our school Peer Review programme is integral to this goal.","Member Directory Link":"https://faireducationalliance.circle.so/c/member-directory-755067/?orgid=0013z00002SZhUg"},{"Account Name":"ASDAN","Account ID":"0013z00002RIGPd","CASESAFEID":"0013z00002RIGPdAAP","Organisation Type":"Delivery Organisation","Date Member Last Updated URN Data":"1969-12-31","Inequality thematic focus":"Attainment; Mental health and wellbeing; Skills development; University access and progression; Careers and employability","Region":"South West","Regions tackling educational inequality":"East of England; East Midlands; London; North East; North West; South East; South West; West Midlands; Yorkshire and the Humber","Beneficiary age/key stage":"Age 11-14/Key stage 3; Age 14-16/Key stage 4; Age 16-18/Key stage 5; Age 18-30","Website":"https://www.asdan.org.uk/","Public email":"info@asdan.org.uk","Intervention description":"ASDAN is a charity with a vision to see the talents and abilities of young people aged 11 to 25 in greatest need held in high esteem. Our goal is to engage young people in relevant and motivating learning programmes that elevate them to achieve and progress to further education, training and work, and empower them to take control of their lives. We do this by developing courses with an accessible and practical pedagogy for learners; and by supporting our partner educators to foster the personal, social and work-related abilities of young people in greatest need. We believe that young people should have the opportunity to discover, develop and make use of their abilities to affirm their identities, contribute to society, and challenge educational and social inequalities.","Member Directory Link":"https://faireducationalliance.circle.so/c/member-directory-755067/?orgid=0013z00002RIGPd"},{"Account Name":"Nurtureuk","Account ID":"0013z00002RIGQ9","CASESAFEID":"0013z00002RIGQ9AAP","Organisation Type":"Delivery Organisation","Date Member Last Updated URN Data":"2023-07-05","Inequality thematic focus":"Early years; Attainment; Mental health and wellbeing","Region":"South East","Regions tackling educational inequality":"East of England; East Midlands; London; North East; North West; South East; South West; West Midlands; Yorkshire and the Humber","Beneficiary age/key stage":"","Website":"https://www.nurtureuk.org/","Public email":"info@nurtureuk.org","Intervention description":"Evidence-based and practice-led, we work across the education sector, to promote and embed nurture principles in schools and trusts, as well as at the level of local and national policy. This work spans several key areas: Training practitioners to identify pupils? needs and provide the right support using our Boxall Profile Tool Developing and providing resources to remove pupils? barriers to learning including publications Helping schools and wider communities to foster a nurturing culture through our National Nurturing Schools Programme, Nurture Groups and bespoke training and consultancy Working with policy-makers to ensure that no child is left behind. Working with researchers and academics to evidence the impact of a nurturing approach to education.","Member Directory Link":"https://faireducationalliance.circle.so/c/member-directory-755067/?orgid=0013z00002RIGQ9"},{"Account Name":"EY Foundation","Account ID":"0013z00002RJBHM","CASESAFEID":"0013z00002RJBHMAA5","Organisation Type":"Delivery Organisation","Date Member Last Updated URN Data":"2022-07-04","Inequality thematic focus":"Skills development; Careers and employability","Region":"London","Regions tackling educational inequality":"East of England; East Midlands; London; North East; North West; South East; South West; West Midlands; Yorkshire and the Humber","Beneficiary age/key stage":"Age 14-16/Key stage 4; Age 16-18/Key stage 5; Age 18-30","Website":"https://www.eyfoundation.com","Public email":"enquiries@eyfoundation.ey.com","Intervention description":"The EY Foundation tackles the barriers to employment faced by young people from low-income backgrounds. Through our programmes, we help young people unlock their potential and succeed in the workplace. Formed in 2014, we are a national, independent charity that builds aspiration, confidence and a greater sense of purpose by providing the knowledge, skills and experience young people need to thrive in the workplace. Operating in multiple locations across England and Scotland, our support extends from inspiring school-age children to ensuring young people thrive after they join the world of work. Through a combination of programme delivery, in-depth knowledge of the labour market and collaboration expertise, we achieve positive outcomes for young people.","Member Directory Link":"https://faireducationalliance.circle.so/c/member-directory-755067/?orgid=0013z00002RJBHM"},{"Account Name":"ASCL (Association of School and College Leaders)","Account ID":"0013z00002RIGPc","CASESAFEID":"0013z00002RIGPcAAP","Organisation Type":"Membership Body / Union","Date Member Last Updated URN Data":"1969-12-31","Inequality thematic focus":"Early years; Attainment; Mental health and wellbeing; Skills development; University access and progression; Careers and employability","Region":"East Midlands","Regions tackling educational inequality":"East Midlands; London; North East; North West; South East; South West; West Midlands; Yorkshire and the Humber","Beneficiary age/key stage":"","Website":"https://www.ascl.org.uk/","Public email":"julie.mcculloch@ascl.org.uk","Intervention description":"As a trade union and professional association our mission statement is 'Act on behalf of our members, speak on behalf of young people' ' We have over 24,000 school and college leaders working in thousands of schools in England and the crown dependents, all of whom are mission focused to improve the life chances of every single young person especially those from disadvantaged backgrounds . To ensure our members are able to do this we work closely with government and ministers to ensure the appropriate policies are in place which will tackle educational inequality. We produce our own manifestos, an example would be 'The Forgotten Third' and we meet three times a year with our Council members to discuss, debate and create policies.","Member Directory Link":"https://faireducationalliance.circle.so/c/member-directory-755067/?orgid=0013z00002RIGPc"},{"Account Name":"ImpactEd","Account ID":"0013z00002RHz8q","CASESAFEID":"0013z00002RHz8qAAD","Organisation Type":"Delivery Organisation","Date Member Last Updated URN Data":"1969-12-31","Inequality thematic focus":"Attainment; Mental health and wellbeing; University access and progression","Region":"London","Regions tackling educational inequality":"East of England; East Midlands; London; North East; North West; South East; South West; West Midlands; Yorkshire and the Humber","Beneficiary age/key stage":"Age 2-5/Foundation; Age 5-7/Key stage 1; Age 7-11/Key stage 2; Age 11-14/Key stage 3; Age 14-16/Key stage 4; Age 16-18/Key stage 5; Age 18-30","Website":"https://impacted.org.uk/","Public email":"hello@impacted.org.uk","Intervention description":"We work with schools and other education organisations to help them better understand, evaluate and improve the impact they make on young people. We do this through our model of partnership, platform and impact. We partner with organisations to help them better understand the problem they are trying to address, the way they want to address it, and how they will know if they have been successful. We then support organisations to use our digital platform to effectively monitor and evaluate the impact they are having. And through this we help them refine their decision making, ensuring that young people are only receiving those programmes and interventions that are right for them, and will have a meaningful impact on life chances.","Member Directory Link":"https://faireducationalliance.circle.so/c/member-directory-755067/?orgid=0013z00002RHz8q"},{"Account Name":"Parentkind","Account ID":"0013z00002Tte7c","CASESAFEID":"0013z00002Tte7cAAB","Organisation Type":"Delivery Organisation","Date Member Last Updated URN Data":"1969-12-31","Inequality thematic focus":"Attainment","Region":"London","Regions tackling educational inequality":"London","Beneficiary age/key stage":"","Website":"https://www.parentkind.org.uk/","Public email":"greg.ellwood-hughes@parentkind.org","Intervention description":"We promote parental participation in education as a driver of social mobility, by presenting research evidence to parliamentarians, often through the All Party Parliamentary Group for Parental Participation in Education. Our Blueprint for Parent-Friendly Schools is a tools for schools to use as best practice parental participation, which will benefit especially those schools in disadvantaged areas where parental support can make a huge difference to children's academic outcomes. We are looking to roll out the Blueprint. Many member PTAs, often charities in their own right, provide resources for their schools that directly benefit disadvantaged pupils, such as providing resources and equipment to help with learning at home.","Member Directory Link":"https://faireducationalliance.circle.so/c/member-directory-755067/?orgid=0013z00002Tte7c"},{"Account Name":"Parental Engagement Network (PEN)","Account ID":"0013z00002kD6aB","CASESAFEID":"0013z00002kD6aBAAS","Organisation Type":"Delivery Organisation","Date Member Last Updated URN Data":"1969-12-31","Inequality thematic focus":"Attainment; Mental health and wellbeing","Region":"North West","Regions tackling educational inequality":"","Beneficiary age/key stage":"","Website":"www.penetwork.co.uk","Public email":"","Intervention description":"We provide a safe, secure space for educators and practitioners to discuss barriers to parental engagement and explore strategies to tackle those barriers. We provide a research and evidence-based Toolkit for educators and practitioners to support the implementation of parental engagement strategies and practice within their schools and to improve communication between home, school and the community. We provide projects that schools can implement to build relationships between school and home which have been developed in the classroom and through an understanding of the research. All our resources have been developed to be delivered via a universal approach initially before schools work with their identified target groups.","Member Directory Link":"https://faireducationalliance.circle.so/c/member-directory-755067/?orgid=0013z00002kD6aB"},{"Account Name":"Circl","Account ID":"0013z00002Vycm0","CASESAFEID":"0013z00002Vycm0AAB","Organisation Type":"Delivery Organisation","Date Member Last Updated URN Data":"1969-12-31","Inequality thematic focus":"Mental health and wellbeing; Skills development; University access and progression; Careers and employability","Region":"London","Regions tackling educational inequality":"East of England; East Midlands; London; North East; North West; South East; South West; West Midlands; Yorkshire and the Humber","Beneficiary age/key stage":"Age 16-18/Key stage 5; Age 18-30","Website":"www.circl.org","Public email":"hello@circl.org","Intervention description":"We train 18-24 year olds from under-represented backgrounds in coaching and leadership skills alongside managers from businesses. There are 6 90 minute group sessions which are facilitated by a qualified executive coach, with each session focusing on a core skill of coaching. In between each session each 1 to 1 match arranges a 60 min coaching session to coach each other on their challenges and apply the skills they've learned. There are also 6 short e-learnings to complete. We select young people who apply through an interview process. We select them based on meeting several widening participation criteria (e.g. were eligible for pupil premium, first/second generation immigrant etc) and their commitment to the programme.","Member Directory Link":"https://faireducationalliance.circle.so/c/member-directory-755067/?orgid=0013z00002Vycm0"},{"Account Name":"TalentEd Education","Account ID":"0013z00002RIGQP","CASESAFEID":"0013z00002RIGQPAA5","Organisation Type":"Delivery Organisation","Date Member Last Updated URN Data":"2022-07-27","Inequality thematic focus":"Attainment; Mental health and wellbeing","Region":"London","Regions tackling educational inequality":"East of England; East Midlands; London; North East; North West; South East; West Midlands; Yorkshire and the Humber","Beneficiary age/key stage":"Age 11-14/Key stage 3; Age 14-16/Key stage 4; Age 16-18/Key stage 5","Website":"https://talent-ed.uk/","Public email":"adam.alagiah@talent-ed.uk","Intervention description":"Talent-Ed Education was started in 2012 by an impassioned teacher with a vision of closing the attainment gap that exists between disadvantaged young people and their peers. We achieve this by providing quality tuition to disadvantaged students in either English, Mathematics or Science. This is a 15-week programme, during which students are placed into small groups of four students and tutored by a qualified, experienced teacher. We work in partnership with schools who are responsible for nominating those students who will benefit the most from our programmes and providing us with in-depth student profiles so that we can tailor the tuition content and teaching pedagogies to the specific need of each student.","Member Directory Link":"https://faireducationalliance.circle.so/c/member-directory-755067/?orgid=0013z00002RIGQP"},{"Account Name":"Parallel Histories","Account ID":"0013z00002VxHLe","CASESAFEID":"0013z00002VxHLeAAN","Organisation Type":"Delivery Organisation","Date Member Last Updated URN Data":"1969-12-31","Inequality thematic focus":"Attainment; Skills development; University access and progression; Careers and employability","Region":"North West","Regions tackling educational inequality":"East of England; East Midlands; London; North East; North West; South East; South West; West Midlands; Yorkshire and the Humber","Beneficiary age/key stage":"Age 11-14/Key stage 3; Age 14-16/Key stage 4; Age 16-18/Key stage 5; Age 18-30","Website":"https://www.parallelhistories.org.uk","Public email":"joshua@parallelhistories.org.uk","Intervention description":"Parallel Histories tackles educational inequality through three interventions: Our digital debate programme builds the confidence of students in speaking and introduces them to other students of different backgrounds around the country. Our CPD workshops give teachers a methodology to use difficult material in even the most challenging classes, and to encourage a classroom culture in which everyone is able to learn through speaking. Our educational resources give teachers a turnkey set of resources to start teaching controversial teaching. We work closely with teachers to ensure disadvantaged students are able to benefit from these interventions as part of an education which develops the whole young person.","Member Directory Link":"https://faireducationalliance.circle.so/c/member-directory-755067/?orgid=0013z00002VxHLe"},{"Account Name":"BTS Spark","Account ID":"0013z00002UBbQi","CASESAFEID":"0013z00002UBbQiAAL","Organisation Type":"Delivery Organisation","Date Member Last Updated URN Data":"2022-08-04","Inequality thematic focus":"Attainment; Mental health and wellbeing; Skills development","Region":"London","Regions tackling educational inequality":"East of England; East Midlands; London; North East; North West; South East; South West; West Midlands; Yorkshire and the Humber","Beneficiary age/key stage":"Age 11-14/Key stage 3; Age 14-16/Key stage 4","Website":"www.bts.com/spark","Public email":"denise.barrows@bts.com","Intervention description":"We enable school leaders to be more effective and impactful in their leadership and in this way to improve desired outcomes for their students and schools, including achieving their school improvement goals and tackling educational inequality. We provide leadership coaching (1:1 and group coaching), workshops, webinars, digital and self-directed learning experiences to hundreds of leaders in UK schools each year. Most of our coaching is delivered remotely / virtually. Our programmes are delivered by our team of expert, qualified, professional leadership coaches across the UK. Our young people's programme, funded by the Jack Petchey Foundation, is delivered directly to young people in London schools.","Member Directory Link":"https://faireducationalliance.circle.so/c/member-directory-755067/?orgid=0013z00002UBbQi"},{"Account Name":"Speakers for Schools","Account ID":"0013z00002RHz8x","CASESAFEID":"0013z00002RHz8xAAD","Organisation Type":"Delivery Organisation","Date Member Last Updated URN Data":"1969-12-31","Inequality thematic focus":"Attainment; Skills development; University access and progression; Careers and employability","Region":"London","Regions tackling educational inequality":"East of England; East Midlands; London; North East; North West; South East; South West; West Midlands; Yorkshire and the Humber","Beneficiary age/key stage":"Age 14-16/Key stage 4; Age 16-18/Key stage 5; Age 18-30","Website":"https://www.speakersforschools.org/","Public email":"policy@speakersforschools.org","Intervention description":"Founded in 2010, we aim to end educational inequality by empowering young people from state schools and colleges to reach their potential, providing them with life-changing opportunities including: Work Experience We support young people to explore the world of work through fully-funded sessions and placements with top employers across a range of industries. Inspirational Talks We facilitate great talks from high-achieving professionals and world-famous names to help young people discover their insights into career success. National Teen Book Club We help young people discover a love of reading and learn more about careers in publishing and related industries with our one-of-a-kind online book club.","Member Directory Link":"https://faireducationalliance.circle.so/c/member-directory-755067/?orgid=0013z00002RHz8x"},{"Account Name":"Skills Builder Partnership","Account ID":"0013z00002RHz8n","CASESAFEID":"0013z00002RHz8nAAD","Organisation Type":"Delivery Organisation","Date Member Last Updated URN Data":"1969-12-31","Inequality thematic focus":"Mental health and wellbeing; Skills development; Careers and employability; Other","Region":"London","Regions tackling educational inequality":"East of England; East Midlands; London; North East; North West; South East; South West; West Midlands; Yorkshire and the Humber","Beneficiary age/key stage":"Age 2-5/Foundation; Age 5-7/Key stage 1; Age 7-11/Key stage 2; Age 11-14/Key stage 3; Age 14-16/Key stage 4; Age 16-18/Key stage 5; Age 18-30","Website":"https://www.skillsbuilder.org/","Public email":"info@skillsbuilder.org","Intervention description":"Skills Builder Partnership works to ensure that one day, everyone will build the essential skills to succeed. We define these skills as: teamwork, leadership, problem solving, creativity, aiming high, staying positive, speaking, and listening. We partner with employers to drive inclusive recruitment and build the essential skills of their employees. We support schools and colleges to build high quality essential skills teaching into education. Finally, we work alongside other organisations working to support people to build essential skills in a diverse range of settings. We all align our work behind the Skills Builder Framework, giving us a common language and shared outcomes for essential skills.","Member Directory Link":"https://faireducationalliance.circle.so/c/member-directory-755067/?orgid=0013z00002RHz8n"},{"Account Name":"2-3 Degrees","Account ID":"0013z00002RIGPZ","CASESAFEID":"0013z00002RIGPZAA5","Organisation Type":"Delivery Organisation","Date Member Last Updated URN Data":"1969-12-31","Inequality thematic focus":"Skills development; University access and progression; Careers and employability","Region":"London","Regions tackling educational inequality":"East of England; East Midlands; London; North East; North West; South East; South West; West Midlands; Yorkshire and the Humber","Beneficiary age/key stage":"","Website":"https://2-3degrees.com","Public email":"info@2-3degrees.com","Intervention description":"At 2-3 Degrees we help young people prepare for their future by delivering fun, activity based learning with facilitators that have lived experience to inspire and equip them with the key skills they need to become the best versions of themselves. Based on our lived experience we are committed to working with the ?forgotten middle? who are young people that may not be supported by a gifted and talented programme, or have targeted interventions aimed at addressing behavioural challenges and/or are at risk of exclusion or becoming NEET. We work with the ?forgotten middle? because we believe this large group of young people, if nurtured positively, can improve their chances and fulfil their potential.","Member Directory Link":"https://faireducationalliance.circle.so/c/member-directory-755067/?orgid=0013z00002RIGPZ"},{"Account Name":"Thinking Reading","Account ID":"0013z00002RIGQc","CASESAFEID":"0013z00002RIGQcAAP","Organisation Type":"Delivery Organisation","Date Member Last Updated URN Data":"2023-06-29","Inequality thematic focus":"Attainment; Mental health and wellbeing","Region":"East of England","Regions tackling educational inequality":"East of England; East Midlands; London; North West; South East; South West; West Midlands; Yorkshire and the Humber","Beneficiary age/key stage":"Age 11-14/Key stage 3; Age 14-16/Key stage 4","Website":"http://www.thinkingreading.com/","Public email":"james.murphy@thinkingreading.com","Intervention description":"We work with school leaders to develop schools capacity to raise literacy standards. Secondly, we train and equip school staff to deliver a high-impact one-to-one intervention. Thirdly, we provide a complete program and resources for 30 minute one-to-one lessons which are individualised and enable students to catch up at an average of two months per half hour lesson, which enables students to access the curriculum and cope with exams. All training and support is delivered by a highly experienced team of trainers. The tutors who we train teach students in school who are more than three years behind their chronological age, of whom a disproportionate number are from disadvantaged backgrounds.","Member Directory Link":"https://faireducationalliance.circle.so/c/member-directory-755067/?orgid=0013z00002RIGQc"},{"Account Name":"Voice21","Account ID":"0013z00002RHz99","CASESAFEID":"0013z00002RHz99AAD","Organisation Type":"Delivery Organisation","Date Member Last Updated URN Data":"2023-06-20","Inequality thematic focus":"Early years; Attainment; Mental health and wellbeing; Skills development; University access and progression; Careers and employability","Region":"London","Regions tackling educational inequality":"East of England; East Midlands; London; North East; North West; South East; South West; West Midlands; Yorkshire and the Humber","Beneficiary age/key stage":"Age 5-7/Key stage 1; Age 7-11/Key stage 2; Age 11-14/Key stage 3; Age 14-16/Key stage 4; Age 16-18/Key stage 5","Website":"https://www.voice21.org/","Public email":"hello@voice21.org","Intervention description":"By working with Voice 21, schools are making a commitment to transform the learning and life chances of their students through talk. Through our Voice 21 Oracy Schools? membership, we work in partnership with schools over a number of years to inspire longterm change, ensuring that those children who need it most have access to a high-quality oracy education. Through our blend of professional development, consultancy, resources and community, which is underpinned by a wholeschool commitment to oracy, we support schools to transform their teaching, curriculum and culture in order to ensure every child is empowered to find their voice for success in school and in life.","Member Directory Link":"https://faireducationalliance.circle.so/c/member-directory-755067/?orgid=0013z00002RHz99"},{"Account Name":"Barnardo's","Account ID":"0013z00002RIGPe","CASESAFEID":"0013z00002RIGPeAAP","Organisation Type":"Delivery Organisation","Date Member Last Updated URN Data":"1969-12-31","Inequality thematic focus":"Attainment; Mental health and wellbeing; Skills development; University access and progression","Region":"London","Regions tackling educational inequality":"East of England; East Midlands; London; North East; North West; South East; South West; West Midlands; Yorkshire and the Humber","Beneficiary age/key stage":"Age 2-5/Foundation; Age 5-7/Key stage 1; Age 7-11/Key stage 2; Age 11-14/Key stage 3; Age 14-16/Key stage 4; Age 16-18/Key stage 5; Age 18-30","Website":"http://www.barnardos.org.uk","Public email":"michelle.lee-izu@barnardos.org.uk","Intervention description":"Barnardo?s is the UK?s largest children?s charity and provides support to the most vulnerable children and young people through a wide range of interventions. It is not possible to list them all here. Examples include: Wellness Recovery Action Plan (WRAP) ? a 10-week peer support programme we deliver in schools which aims to build resilience and promote self-care among young people. The PATHS? Programme for Schools (UK Version) is a whole school curriculum designed to support the mental health and wellbeing of children in primary school. The programme aims to improve emotional understanding, self-control, social problem-solving, peer relations, and self-esteem.","Member Directory Link":"https://faireducationalliance.circle.so/c/member-directory-755067/?orgid=0013z00002RIGPe"},{"Account Name":"Family Links","Account ID":"0013z00002RHz8o","CASESAFEID":"0013z00002RHz8oAAD","Organisation Type":"Delivery Organisation","Date Member Last Updated URN Data":"2023-07-20","Inequality thematic focus":"Early years; Mental health and wellbeing; Skills development","Region":"South East","Regions tackling educational inequality":"East of England; East Midlands; London; North East; North West; South East; South West; West Midlands; Yorkshire and the Humber","Beneficiary age/key stage":"Age 2-5/Foundation; Age 5-7/Key stage 1; Age 7-11/Key stage 2; Age 11-14/Key stage 3; Age 14-16/Key stage 4","Website":"https://familylinks.org.uk/","Public email":"education@familylinks.org.uk","Intervention description":"Family Links offers a whole school approach to developing the emotional health and wellbeing of pupils, staff, senior leadership, governors, parents and carers. We deliver parallel programmes for the whole school community through practical, interactive workshops and resources for staff, a social and emotional learning curriculum for pupils and training to deliver our parenting programmes for families in the community. All our work is underpinned by the Nurturing Programme which provides adults and children with the understanding, skills and ability to lead emotionally healthy lives, build resilience, empathy, self-esteem and support positive relationships.","Member Directory Link":"https://faireducationalliance.circle.so/c/member-directory-755067/?orgid=0013z00002RHz8o"},{"Account Name":"Girlguiding","Account ID":"0013z00002RIGPy","CASESAFEID":"0013z00002RIGPyAAP","Organisation Type":"Delivery Organisation","Date Member Last Updated URN Data":"1969-12-31","Inequality thematic focus":"Mental health and wellbeing; Skills development","Region":"London","Regions tackling educational inequality":"East of England; East Midlands; London; North East; North West; South East; South West; West Midlands; Yorkshire and the Humber","Beneficiary age/key stage":"","Website":"https://www.girlguiding.org.uk/","Public email":"advocacy@girlguiding.org.uk","Intervention description":"Girlguiding is made up of more than 300,000 girls and young members aged 4 to 18 years old, who meet as Rainbows, Brownies, Guides and Rangers. They meet in weekly 'unit' meetings, delivered by volunteers on weekday evenings, as well as regular camps and other fun activities, often outdoors. In unit meetings, volunteers deliver the Girlguiding programme which is made up of six consistent themes for all age groups - Know Myself, Express Myself, Be Well, Have Adventures, Take Action, Skills for my Future. The programme is made up of fun and educational activities for members to learn and develop within each theme, earning badges and having fun along the way.","Member Directory Link":"https://faireducationalliance.circle.so/c/member-directory-755067/?orgid=0013z00002RIGPy"},{"Account Name":"Transforming Lives For Good","Account ID":"0013z00002RJBKX","CASESAFEID":"0013z00002RJBKXAA5","Organisation Type":"Delivery Organisation","Date Member Last Updated URN Data":"1969-12-31","Inequality thematic focus":"Attainment; Mental health and wellbeing; Other","Region":"Yorkshire and the Humber","Regions tackling educational inequality":"East of England; East Midlands; London; North East; North West; South East; South West; West Midlands; Yorkshire and the Humber","Beneficiary age/key stage":"Age 7-11/Key stage 2; Age 11-14/Key stage 3; Age 14-16/Key stage 4","Website":"https://www.tlg.org.uk/","Public email":"info@tlg.org.uk","Intervention description":"Early Intervention enables trained volunteers to become coaches and work on a 1 to 1 basis with children of primary and lower secondary school age, with the overall aim of reducing the child?s felt anxieties and increasing their confidence and aspirations within their educational and home settings. TLG trains and equips volunteers with proven resources to help children explore their choices and the consequences of the decisions that they make. Through regular conversations with home, the coach will be able to offer support and discuss strategies used to help the pupil in the sessions (in school) which may be helpful at home too.","Member Directory Link":"https://faireducationalliance.circle.so/c/member-directory-755067/?orgid=0013z00002RJBKX"},{"Account Name":"SSAT (The Schools, Students and Teachers Network)","Account ID":"0013z00002RHz8z","CASESAFEID":"0013z00002RHz8zAAD","Organisation Type":"Membership Body / Union","Date Member Last Updated URN Data":"1969-12-31","Inequality thematic focus":"Attainment; Mental health and wellbeing; Skills development; Careers and employability; Other","Region":"London","Regions tackling educational inequality":"East of England; East Midlands; London; North East; North West; South East; South West; West Midlands; Yorkshire and the Humber","Beneficiary age/key stage":"","Website":"https://www.ssatuk.co.uk/","Public email":"angelina.idun@ssatuk.co.uk","Intervention description":"All of the support, training, professional development activity and resource SSAT provide for member and non-member schools links with the 3 areas of SSAT's Framework for Exceptional Education. The framework is focused on teaching and learning, professional practice and leadership. This framework is underpinned our commitment to social justice; our belief that every young person should go on to lead successful and fulfilling lives. All of our activity aims to empower school leaders and teachers so that they can take practical, sustainable steps to tackle educational inequality in their classrooms, schools and organisations","Member Directory Link":"https://faireducationalliance.circle.so/c/member-directory-755067/?orgid=0013z00002RHz8z"},{"Account Name":"Tutors United","Account ID":"0013z00002RIGQd","CASESAFEID":"0013z00002RIGQdAAP","Organisation Type":"Delivery Organisation","Date Member Last Updated URN Data":"2022-06-10","Inequality thematic focus":"Attainment; Skills development","Region":"London","Regions tackling educational inequality":"East Midlands; London; North West; West Midlands","Beneficiary age/key stage":"Age 7-11/Key stage 2; Age 16-18/Key stage 5; Age 18-30","Website":"https://tutorsunited.org/","Public email":"info@tutorsunited.org","Intervention description":"We deliver Maths and English tuition to primary school pupils from low-income backgrounds who are struggling in education. Our work is delivered over London, Cambridge, the South East, the Midlands, and North West either online or in local community centres. To deliver our work we hire, train, and pay university students. Each child on our programme receives 30 hours of tuition in Maths and English each year to help boost their academic attainment. Additionally, each parent/carer benefits from regular lesson feedback, extra at-home resources, progress reports, and termly parents evenings.","Member Directory Link":"https://faireducationalliance.circle.so/c/member-directory-755067/?orgid=0013z00002RIGQd"},{"Account Name":"The Literacy Pirates","Account ID":"0013z00002RHz8s","CASESAFEID":"0013z00002RHz8sAAD","Organisation Type":"Delivery Organisation","Date Member Last Updated URN Data":"2023-07-07","Inequality thematic focus":"Attainment","Region":"London","Regions tackling educational inequality":"London","Beneficiary age/key stage":"","Website":"https://literacypirates.org/","Public email":"admin@literacypirates.org","Intervention description":"Literacy Pirates works with 9-12 year olds nominated by their school to improve their reading, writing, confidence and perseverance. We work exclusively with children who are falling behind in class and have fewer opportunities in their personal circumstances. Our after-school programmes combine personalized adult support, plenty of reading and writing practice in line with the curriculum, and a relentlessly positive environment to boost their confidence. It is devised and led by teachers, and supported by a community of volunteers offering one-to-one support to the children.","Member Directory Link":"https://faireducationalliance.circle.so/c/member-directory-755067/?orgid=0013z00002RHz8s"},{"Account Name":"Arts Education Exchange","Account ID":"0013z00002dpRL7","CASESAFEID":"0013z00002dpRL7AAM","Organisation Type":"Delivery Organisation","Date Member Last Updated URN Data":"1969-12-31","Inequality thematic focus":"Attainment; Mental health and wellbeing","Region":"South East","Regions tackling educational inequality":"South East","Beneficiary age/key stage":"Age 11-14/Key stage 3; Age 14-16/Key stage 4; Age 16-18/Key stage 5; Age 18-30","Website":"www.artsedex.org","Public email":"","Intervention description":"We work closely with Social care, Children's services, LA SEN, the police and other youth services to identify young people, who have not found what they need in mainstream education for a range of reasons, including multiple adverse life conditions, mental health concerns, gang exploitation, SEND. We offer a personalised education plan for each individual we work with and utilise the arts as a means to empower learning. Our overriding focus is provide the space, resources, care and networks to support the progression for each individual.","Member Directory Link":"https://faireducationalliance.circle.so/c/member-directory-755067/?orgid=0013z00002dpRL7"},{"Account Name":"IntoUniversity","Account ID":"0013z00002RHsh4","CASESAFEID":"0013z00002RHsh4AAD","Organisation Type":"Delivery Organisation","Date Member Last Updated URN Data":"2023-07-03","Inequality thematic focus":"Attainment; Skills development; University access and progression; Careers and employability","Region":"London","Regions tackling educational inequality":"East of England; East Midlands; London; North East; North West; South East; South West; West Midlands; Yorkshire and the Humber","Beneficiary age/key stage":"Age 7-11/Key stage 2; Age 11-14/Key stage 3; Age 14-16/Key stage 4; Age 16-18/Key stage 5","Website":"https://intouniversity.org/","Public email":"adam.rahman@intouniversity.org","Intervention description":"IntoUniversity runs learning centres in 39 of the most disadvantaged and underrepresented communities across England and Scotland. These are permanent physical spaces embedded in the heart of communities. Working with young people from the ages of 7-18 we provide weekly academic support, mentoring and other interventions throughout the educational journey. We aim to help them build the skills, confidence and knowledge to make informed decisions about their futures, ultimately providing them with the tools to reach their full potential.","Member Directory Link":"https://faireducationalliance.circle.so/c/member-directory-755067/?orgid=0013z00002RHsh4"},{"Account Name":"Forum Talent Potential","Account ID":"0013z00002RJBKU","CASESAFEID":"0013z00002RJBKUAA5","Organisation Type":"Delivery Organisation","Date Member Last Updated URN Data":"1969-12-31","Inequality thematic focus":"Attainment; Skills development","Region":"Yorkshire and the Humber","Regions tackling educational inequality":"East of England; East Midlands; London; North East; North West; South East; South West; West Midlands; Yorkshire and the Humber","Beneficiary age/key stage":"Age 2-5/Foundation; Age 5-7/Key stage 1; Age 7-11/Key stage 2; Age 11-14/Key stage 3; Age 14-16/Key stage 4; Age 16-18/Key stage 5","Website":"http://www.forum-talent-potential.org/","Public email":"gerard@forum-talent-potential.org","Intervention description":"Forum Talent Potential helps to bring curriculum learning to life - enabling children to see the point of working hard at school. A tried-and-tested CPD process aims to build the capacity of teaching professionals to both enrich aspects of their lessons, but also gives young people glimpses of life beyond school. Embedding encounters with employers in classroom learning means that these meaningful learning experiences are inclusive, but particularly benefit those young people who are at risk of being disengaged from formal education.","Member Directory Link":"https://faireducationalliance.circle.so/c/member-directory-755067/?orgid=0013z00002RJBKU"},{"Account Name":"Coram Beanstalk","Account ID":"0013z00002RHsgu","CASESAFEID":"0013z00002RHsguAAD","Organisation Type":"Delivery Organisation","Date Member Last Updated URN Data":"2023-07-11","Inequality thematic focus":"Early years; Attainment; Mental health and wellbeing; Skills development; University access and progression; Careers and employability","Region":"London","Regions tackling educational inequality":"East of England; East Midlands; London; North East; North West; South East; South West; West Midlands; Yorkshire and the Humber","Beneficiary age/key stage":"","Website":"https://www.beanstalkcharity.org.uk/","Public email":"admin@corambeanstalk.org.uk","Intervention description":"We deliver reading programmes within primary and secondary schools that aim to give children the skills and aspiration they need to become confident and independent readers. Within primary schools we do this by training and supporting community volunteers to deliver 1-1 reading sessions. Our trained reading helpers go into school at least one afternoon a week and support, on average, three children to grow a love of reading. Within secondary schools we train KS4/5 pupils to become reading leaders who support their younger peers.","Member Directory Link":"https://faireducationalliance.circle.so/c/member-directory-755067/?orgid=0013z00002RHsgu"},{"Account Name":"CBI (Confederation of British Industry)","Account ID":"0013z00002RIGPl","CASESAFEID":"0013z00002RIGPlAAP","Organisation Type":"Membership Body / Union","Date Member Last Updated URN Data":"1969-12-31","Inequality thematic focus":"Skills development; University access and progression; Careers and employability","Region":"London","Regions tackling educational inequality":"East of England; East Midlands; London; North East; North West; South East; South West; West Midlands; Yorkshire and the Humber","Beneficiary age/key stage":"","Website":"http://www.cbi.org.uk/","Public email":"robert.west@cbi.org.uk","Intervention description":"The Education and Skills policy team at the CBI, work hand in hand with businesses and government to help tackle educational inequality. Over recent years we have published reports, highlighting some of the under investment in skills programs which lead to inequalities increasing. We have responded to numerous government consultations on improving the education system and work closely with our members to invest more in skills programs to help simulate growth across the UK and help levelling up.","Member Directory Link":"https://faireducationalliance.circle.so/c/member-directory-755067/?orgid=0013z00002RIGPl"},{"Account Name":"Career Ready","Account ID":"0013z00002RIGPk","CASESAFEID":"0013z00002RIGPkAAP","Organisation Type":"Delivery Organisation","Date Member Last Updated URN Data":"2023-06-21","Inequality thematic focus":"Skills development; Careers and employability","Region":"London","Regions tackling educational inequality":"East of England; East Midlands; London; North East; North West; South East; South West; West Midlands; Yorkshire and the Humber","Beneficiary age/key stage":"Age 11-14/Key stage 3; Age 14-16/Key stage 4; Age 16-18/Key stage 5","Website":"https://careerready.org.uk/","Public email":"info@careerready.org.uk","Intervention description":"We are a UK-wide charity at the heart of a network of employers and educators who believe that every young person deserves the opportunity to enjoy a rewarding future. However, the life chances of far too many young people are still determined by background, not potential. In partnership with our network we deliver the Career Ready Post-16 Programme: A targeted programme providing young people aged 16-18 with a paid internship, mentoring, workplace visits, and skills masterclasses.","Member Directory Link":"https://faireducationalliance.circle.so/c/member-directory-755067/?orgid=0013z00002RIGPk"},{"Account Name":"States of Mind CIC","Account ID":"0013z00002kFW1Y","CASESAFEID":"0013z00002kFW1YAAW","Organisation Type":"Delivery Organisation","Date Member Last Updated URN Data":"2023-06-22","Inequality thematic focus":"Mental health and wellbeing; Skills development","Region":"London","Regions tackling educational inequality":"London","Beneficiary age/key stage":"","Website":"www.statesofmind.org","Public email":"bea@statesofmind.org","Intervention description":"We train staff to deliver psychoeducation programmes that provide young people with therapeutic knowledge and skills alongside their academic education. We also deliver social action projects that enable students to design new mental health interventions and solutions into their school culture. We also run youth- led research projects exploring the link between young peoples educational experiences and their sense of identity, mental health and personal development.","Member Directory Link":"https://faireducationalliance.circle.so/c/member-directory-755067/?orgid=0013z00002kFW1Y"},{"Account Name":"Professional Association for Childcare and Early Years","Account ID":"0013z00002RIGQF","CASESAFEID":"0013z00002RIGQFAA5","Organisation Type":"Membership Body / Union","Date Member Last Updated URN Data":"1969-12-31","Inequality thematic focus":"Early years","Region":"South East","Regions tackling educational inequality":"East of England; East Midlands; London; North East; North West; South East; South West; West Midlands; Yorkshire and the Humber","Beneficiary age/key stage":"","Website":"https://www.pacey.org.uk/","Public email":"policy@pacey.org.uk","Intervention description":"PACEY supports its members to deliver fully inclusive early education across all communities in England, including those where the benefits of early education are greatest but provision is insufficient. We campaign for the high standard of early education that delivers greatest benefit for children from less advantaged communities and backgrounds and in this we work with organisations such as the Sutton Trust and Fair Education to present a unified voice.","Member Directory Link":"https://faireducationalliance.circle.so/c/member-directory-755067/?orgid=0013z00002RIGQF"},{"Account Name":"Whizz-Kidz","Account ID":"0013z00002SZ2xt","CASESAFEID":"0013z00002SZ2xtAAD","Organisation Type":"Delivery Organisation","Date Member Last Updated URN Data":"2023-06-27","Inequality thematic focus":"Mental health and wellbeing; Skills development; University access and progression; Careers and employability","Region":"London","Regions tackling educational inequality":"East of England; East Midlands; London; North East; North West; South East; South West; West Midlands; Yorkshire and the Humber","Beneficiary age/key stage":"","Website":"https://www.whizz-kidz.org.uk/","Public email":"j.fashan@whizz-kidz.org.uk","Intervention description":"Whizz-Kidz provides mobility equipment to young people at 2-18 to support independence and to reduce social isolation, including the ability to attend education at all stages. We also provide youth activities including employability skills, wheelchair skills training and youth activity days. Youth activity days run monthly across the UK in 12 locations. Wheelchair skills and employability skills are delivered through a network of partner schools.","Member Directory Link":"https://faireducationalliance.circle.so/c/member-directory-755067/?orgid=0013z00002SZ2xt"},{"Account Name":"Young Enterprise","Account ID":"0013z00002RHz9C","CASESAFEID":"0013z00002RHz9CAAT","Organisation Type":"Delivery Organisation","Date Member Last Updated URN Data":"2023-07-02","Inequality thematic focus":"Skills development; Careers and employability","Region":"London","Regions tackling educational inequality":"East of England; East Midlands; London; North East; North West; South East; South West; West Midlands; Yorkshire and the Humber","Beneficiary age/key stage":"","Website":"http://www.y-e.org.uk","Public email":"info@y-e.org.uk","Intervention description":"Young Enterprise is committed to working with those young poeple that have the least access to opportunity, and as such expereince the greatest barriers to social mobility. We do this by: * priortising our in-person work within educational settings in IMD1-4 * wherever possible offering programmes at no cost to educational settings in IMD1-4 * providing specific future opporutnites for those young people in IMD 1-4 educational settings","Member Directory Link":"https://faireducationalliance.circle.so/c/member-directory-755067/?orgid=0013z00002RHz9C"},{"Account Name":"UK Youth","Account ID":"0013z00002SZha9","CASESAFEID":"0013z00002SZha9AAD","Organisation Type":"Membership Body / Union","Date Member Last Updated URN Data":"1969-12-31","Inequality thematic focus":"Mental health and wellbeing; Skills development; Careers and employability","Region":"London","Regions tackling educational inequality":"East of England; East Midlands; London; North East; North West; South East; South West; West Midlands; Yorkshire and the Humber","Beneficiary age/key stage":"","Website":"https://www.ukyouth.org","Public email":"movement@ukyouth.org","Intervention description":"Youth work is non-formal community based education and UK Youth plays a unique role in addressing: the lack of investment into the youth sector, the lack of cross sector understanding of how youth work makes a difference and the limited opportunities to embed effective solutions. These factors lead to mass inequality of access to youth work and its myriad positive outcomes - some directly and indirectly educational - for young people.","Member Directory Link":"https://faireducationalliance.circle.so/c/member-directory-755067/?orgid=0013z00002SZha9"},{"Account Name":"Lighthouse Pedagogy Trust","Account ID":"0013z00002SZhZo","CASESAFEID":"0013z00002SZhZoAAL","Organisation Type":"Delivery Organisation","Date Member Last Updated URN Data":"1969-12-31","Inequality thematic focus":"Other","Region":"London","Regions tackling educational inequality":"London","Beneficiary age/key stage":"Age 11-14/Key stage 3; Age 14-16/Key stage 4; Age 16-18/Key stage 5","Website":"https://lptrust.org.uk/","Public email":"info@lptrust.org.uk","Intervention description":"We create children?s homes where children can thrive and where education is central to our holistic approach. We invest in great staff who are able to build authentic relationships in thoughtfully designed physical spaces. Our entire approach is informed by social pedagogy - a relationship-based way of working with children. We use our learning to train people and influence decision-makers so standards of care improve nationally.","Member Directory Link":"https://faireducationalliance.circle.so/c/member-directory-755067/?orgid=0013z00002SZhZo"},{"Account Name":"Association for Citizenship Teaching","Account ID":"0013z00002YeT6w","CASESAFEID":"0013z00002YeT6wAAF","Organisation Type":"Membership Body / Union","Date Member Last Updated URN Data":"1969-12-31","Inequality thematic focus":"Other","Region":"London","Regions tackling educational inequality":"East of England; East Midlands; London; North East; North West; South East; South West; West Midlands; Yorkshire and the Humber","Beneficiary age/key stage":"","Website":"www.teachingcitizenship.org.uk","Public email":"info@teachingcitizenship.org.uk","Intervention description":"We have 9 principles of effective citizenship which we adhere to in our work and we encourage teachers and schools to use to ensure their provision is high quality. This includes approaches to inclusive classroom practices, pedagogy, use of and choice of resources and case studies etc. We have also run CPD for teachers on diversity, race equality and decolonising the curriculum and have featured regular articles in our journal.","Member Directory Link":"https://faireducationalliance.circle.so/c/member-directory-755067/?orgid=0013z00002YeT6w"},{"Account Name":"Future Frontiers","Account ID":"0013z00002RHsgz","CASESAFEID":"0013z00002RHsgzAAD","Organisation Type":"Delivery Organisation","Date Member Last Updated URN Data":"2022-07-05","Inequality thematic focus":"Careers and employability; Other","Region":"London","Regions tackling educational inequality":"London","Beneficiary age/key stage":"Age 14-16/Key stage 4; Age 16-18/Key stage 5","Website":"https://www.futurefrontiers.org.uk/","Public email":"operations@futurefrontiers.org.uk","Intervention description":"We are a social mobility charity committed to helping young people achieve their potential. Specifically, we focus on pupils at risk of disengaging during critical stages of their secondary education and when transitioning to education, employment or training aged 16&18. To achieve impact we partner with business to provide a programme of face-to-face career coaching and access to relevant professional networks.","Member Directory Link":"https://faireducationalliance.circle.so/c/member-directory-755067/?orgid=0013z00002RHsgz"},{"Account Name":"Reach Society","Account ID":"0013z00002RIGQJ","CASESAFEID":"0013z00002RIGQJAA5","Organisation Type":"Delivery Organisation","Date Member Last Updated URN Data":"1969-12-31","Inequality thematic focus":"University access and progression; Careers and employability","Region":"South East","Regions tackling educational inequality":"East Midlands; London; North East; South East","Beneficiary age/key stage":"","Website":"http://www.reachsociety.com/","Public email":"nasifmugisha@gmail.com","Intervention description":"Reach society has no programme for addressing educational inequality. Reach Society's focus is seeking to inspire young people and to develop their potential. Our focus is outside of education but more about inspiration through our events such as our annual careers event. But the main impact is through the inspiration to motivate and inspire young people to develop their potential both academic and beyond.","Member Directory Link":"https://faireducationalliance.circle.so/c/member-directory-755067/?orgid=0013z00002RIGQJ"},{"Account Name":"Chartered College of Teaching","Account ID":"0013z00002RIGPn","CASESAFEID":"0013z00002RIGPnAAP","Organisation Type":"Membership Body / Union","Date Member Last Updated URN Data":"1969-12-31","Inequality thematic focus":"Early years; Attainment; Mental health and wellbeing","Region":"London","Regions tackling educational inequality":"East of England; East Midlands; London; North East; North West; South East; South West; West Midlands; Yorkshire and the Humber","Beneficiary age/key stage":"","Website":"https://chartered.college/","Public email":"cscutt@chartered.college","Intervention description":"This is all delivered through our work to develop teachers, as we see them as a key level to reducing the attainment gap and tackling educational inequality. We offer a range of CPD and resources to support teachers, including pathways to Chartered Teacher Status, a series of modules on diversifying the curriculum, and a programme for school leaders on leading diverse schools.","Member Directory Link":"https://faireducationalliance.circle.so/c/member-directory-755067/?orgid=0013z00002RIGPn"},{"Account Name":"ASCEL (The Association of Senior Children's and Education Librarians)","Account ID":"0013z00002RJBHO","CASESAFEID":"0013z00002RJBHOAA5","Organisation Type":"Membership Body / Union","Date Member Last Updated URN Data":"1969-12-31","Inequality thematic focus":"Early years; Mental health and wellbeing","Region":"West Midlands","Regions tackling educational inequality":"East of England; East Midlands; London; North East; North West; South East; South West; West Midlands; Yorkshire and the Humber","Beneficiary age/key stage":"","Website":"https://www.ascel.org.uk/","Public email":"adam.tulloch@ascel.org.uk","Intervention description":"The imagination and aspirations of all children and young people can soar through exciting, vibrant and dynamic library services which promote inclusion and diversity, where their voices are heard, valued and reflected. At ASCEL we inspire all children and young people to reach their full potential by championing excellence, diversity and equality in libraries.","Member Directory Link":"https://faireducationalliance.circle.so/c/member-directory-755067/?orgid=0013z00002RJBHO"},{"Account Name":"Youth Sport Trust","Account ID":"0013z00002RHz9D","CASESAFEID":"0013z00002RHz9DAAT","Organisation Type":"Delivery Organisation","Date Member Last Updated URN Data":"1969-12-31","Inequality thematic focus":"Early years; Attainment; Mental health and wellbeing; Skills development","Region":"East Midlands","Regions tackling educational inequality":"East of England; East Midlands; London; North East; North West; South East; South West; West Midlands; Yorkshire and the Humber","Beneficiary age/key stage":"Age 2-5/Foundation; Age 5-7/Key stage 1; Age 7-11/Key stage 2; Age 11-14/Key stage 3; Age 14-16/Key stage 4; Age 16-18/Key stage 5; Age 18-30","Website":"http://www.youthsporttrust.org","Public email":"kay.batkin@youthsporttrust.org","Intervention description":"We are focused on using physical education, sport and play to help address inequalities in society for the most vulnerable children and address the decline in wellbeing of the whole student population from 2-18 years so they can build the character and resilience required to reach their potential and be their personal best in school, in work, in life.","Member Directory Link":"https://faireducationalliance.circle.so/c/member-directory-755067/?orgid=0013z00002RHz9D"},{"Account Name":"NUS UK (National Union of Students)","Account ID":"0013z00002RIGQA","CASESAFEID":"0013z00002RIGQAAA5","Organisation Type":"Membership Body / Union","Date Member Last Updated URN Data":"1969-12-31","Inequality thematic focus":"Mental health and wellbeing; Skills development; University access and progression","Region":"North West","Regions tackling educational inequality":"East of England; East Midlands; London; North East; North West; South East; South West; West Midlands; Yorkshire and the Humber","Beneficiary age/key stage":"","Website":"https://www.nus.org.uk/","Public email":"hannah.sketchley@nus.org.uk","Intervention description":"We organise students to take action on educational inequality, through their students' unions. We have an elected leadership of seven full time student officers who politically lead our work, and we work with SU officers across the country to deliver campaigning and lobbying interventions on post-16 education funding, housing, liberation and quality.","Member Directory Link":"https://faireducationalliance.circle.so/c/member-directory-755067/?orgid=0013z00002RIGQA"},{"Account Name":"Unifrog","Account ID":"0013z00002RIGQe","CASESAFEID":"0013z00002RIGQeAAP","Organisation Type":"Delivery Organisation","Date Member Last Updated URN Data":"2023-07-01","Inequality thematic focus":"University access and progression; Careers and employability","Region":"London","Regions tackling educational inequality":"East of England; East Midlands; London; North East; North West; South East; South West; West Midlands; Yorkshire and the Humber","Beneficiary age/key stage":"","Website":"https://www.unifrog.org/","Public email":"chris@unifrog.org","Intervention description":"Our online platform (and supplementary events and resources) help young people to find the best next step for them after school, irrespective of their background. We have a working group that analyses data about disadvantaged student usage of our platform, and the group regularly implements initiatives to help to narrow any gaps that are identified.","Member Directory Link":"https://faireducationalliance.circle.so/c/member-directory-755067/?orgid=0013z00002RIGQe"},{"Account Name":"NACE (National Association for Able Children in Education)","Account ID":"0013z00002RIGQ5","CASESAFEID":"0013z00002RIGQ5AAP","Organisation Type":"Membership Body / Union","Date Member Last Updated URN Data":"2023-07-18","Inequality thematic focus":"Early years; Attainment; Skills development; University access and progression","Region":"South East","Regions tackling educational inequality":"East of England; East Midlands; London; North East; North West; South East; South West; West Midlands; Yorkshire and the Humber","Beneficiary age/key stage":"","Website":"www.nace.co.uk","Public email":"helenrae@nace.co.uk","Intervention description":"NACE believes that all children and young people, regardless of background, should be recognised and have the opportunity to realise their potential. We offer practical resources, support and CPD to help schools review and improve the quality of policy and provision for more able learners within a context of challenge and high standards for all.","Member Directory Link":"https://faireducationalliance.circle.so/c/member-directory-755067/?orgid=0013z00002RIGQ5"},{"Account Name":"Business in the Community","Account ID":"0013z00002QFvJe","CASESAFEID":"0013z00002QFvJeAAL","Organisation Type":"Membership Body / Union","Date Member Last Updated URN Data":"1969-12-31","Inequality thematic focus":"Early years; Attainment; Mental health and wellbeing; Skills development; Careers and employability","Region":"London","Regions tackling educational inequality":"East of England; East Midlands; London; North East; North West; South East; South West; West Midlands; Yorkshire and the Humber","Beneficiary age/key stage":"","Website":"https://www.bitc.org.uk/","Public email":"education@bitc.org.uk","Intervention description":"We have multiple modes of intervention. We run direct programs in various locations, through Barclays Lifeskills, and also focus on business engagement through advisory work and providing thought leadership and content on best practice in education engagement for businesses.","Member Directory Link":"https://faireducationalliance.circle.so/c/member-directory-755067/?orgid=0013z00002QFvJe"},{"Account Name":"Oarsome Chance","Account ID":"0013z00002TuVOk","CASESAFEID":"0013z00002TuVOkAAN","Organisation Type":"Delivery Organisation","Date Member Last Updated URN Data":"1969-12-31","Inequality thematic focus":"Attainment; Mental health and wellbeing; Skills development; Careers and employability","Region":"South East","Regions tackling educational inequality":"South East","Beneficiary age/key stage":"Age 7-11/Key stage 2; Age 11-14/Key stage 3; Age 14-16/Key stage 4; Age 16-18/Key stage 5","Website":"www.oarsomechance.org","Public email":"info@oarsomechance.org","Intervention description":"Daily delivery to school age students and up to 25 years old who cannot or will not access mainstream education full time. Term time and holiday programmes. We work with students from half a day per week to full time. We have 2 workshops in Gosport and Leigh Park Hampshire.","Member Directory Link":"https://faireducationalliance.circle.so/c/member-directory-755067/?orgid=0013z00002TuVOk"},{"Account Name":"Workfinder","Account ID":"0013z00002RIGPw","CASESAFEID":"0013z00002RIGPwAAP","Organisation Type":"Delivery Organisation","Date Member Last Updated URN Data":"1969-12-31","Inequality thematic focus":"Skills development; University access and progression; Careers and employability","Region":"London","Regions tackling educational inequality":"East of England; East Midlands; London; North East; North West; South East; South West; West Midlands; Yorkshire and the Humber","Beneficiary age/key stage":"","Website":"http://www.workfinder.com","Public email":"sherry@coutu.com","Intervention description":"We have an alert service that advises employers if they have shows bias in their interview, job descriptions or job offers. We do not provide names in dashboards so that discrimination based on gender or ethnicity are more difficult.","Member Directory Link":"https://faireducationalliance.circle.so/c/member-directory-755067/?orgid=0013z00002RIGPw"},{"Account Name":"Prospela","Account ID":"0013z00002RIGQH","CASESAFEID":"0013z00002RIGQHAA5","Organisation Type":"Delivery Organisation","Date Member Last Updated URN Data":"1969-12-31","Inequality thematic focus":"Skills development; Careers and employability","Region":"South East","Regions tackling educational inequality":"East of England; East Midlands; London; North East; North West; South East; South West; West Midlands; Yorkshire and the Humber","Beneficiary age/key stage":"Age 14-16/Key stage 4; Age 16-18/Key stage 5; Age 18-30","Website":"https://prospela.com/","Public email":"emma@prospela.com","Intervention description":"Prospela helps employee volunteers share on-the-go snippets of work life and build authentic lasting relationships online with underserved young people, through E-Mentoring.","Member Directory Link":"https://faireducationalliance.circle.so/c/member-directory-755067/?orgid=0013z00002RIGQH"},{"Account Name":"Minds Ahead","Account ID":"0013z00002VxtpK","CASESAFEID":"0013z00002VxtpKAAR","Organisation Type":"Delivery Organisation","Date Member Last Updated URN Data":"2022-12-09","Inequality thematic focus":"Mental health and wellbeing","Region":"London","Regions tackling educational inequality":"East of England; East Midlands; London; North East; North West; South East; South West; West Midlands; Yorkshire and the Humber","Beneficiary age/key stage":"Age 2-5/Foundation; Age 5-7/Key stage 1; Age 7-11/Key stage 2; Age 11-14/Key stage 3; Age 14-16/Key stage 4; Age 16-18/Key stage 5","Website":"https://www.mindsahead.org.uk/","Public email":"info@mindsahead.org.uk","Intervention description":"Develop mental health across the education system. Research, design and deliver innovative school leadership mental health training, materials, guides and support.","Member Directory Link":"https://faireducationalliance.circle.so/c/member-directory-755067/?orgid=0013z00002VxtpK"},{"Account Name":"Griffin OT","Account ID":"0013z00002SZhTL","CASESAFEID":"0013z00002SZhTLAA1","Organisation Type":"Delivery Organisation","Date Member Last Updated URN Data":"2022-07-27","Inequality thematic focus":"Early years; University access and progression","Region":"South East","Regions tackling educational inequality":"South East","Beneficiary age/key stage":"","Website":"https://www.griffinot.com/","Public email":"kim@griffinot.com","Intervention description":"I offer affordable training delivered by expert trainers at a fraction of the cost that it would for cost for schools/families to access this support privately.","Member Directory Link":"https://faireducationalliance.circle.so/c/member-directory-755067/?orgid=0013z00002SZhTL"},{"Account Name":"Challenge Partners","Account ID":"0013z00002RIGPm","CASESAFEID":"0013z00002RIGPmAAP","Organisation Type":"Membership Body / Union","Date Member Last Updated URN Data":"2023-07-14","Inequality thematic focus":"Attainment","Region":"London","Regions tackling educational inequality":"East of England; East Midlands; London; North East; North West; South East; South West; West Midlands; Yorkshire and the Humber","Beneficiary age/key stage":"","Website":"https://www.challengepartners.org/","Public email":"partnershipsteam@challengepartners.org","Intervention description":"For information about what we do, please visit our website https://www.challengepartners.org/ This will ensure you have the most up-to-date information.","Member Directory Link":"https://faireducationalliance.circle.so/c/member-directory-755067/?orgid=0013z00002RIGPm"},{"Account Name":"National Children's Bureau","Account ID":"0013z00002RIGQ8","CASESAFEID":"0013z00002RIGQ8AAP","Organisation Type":"Delivery Organisation","Date Member Last Updated URN Data":"1969-12-31","Inequality thematic focus":"Mental health and wellbeing","Region":"London","Regions tackling educational inequality":"East of England; East Midlands; London; North East; North West; South East; South West; West Midlands; Yorkshire and the Humber","Beneficiary age/key stage":"Age 2-5/Foundation; Age 5-7/Key stage 1; Age 7-11/Key stage 2; Age 11-14/Key stage 3; Age 14-16/Key stage 4; Age 16-18/Key stage 5; Other","Website":"www.ncb.org.uk","Public email":"oholland@ncb.org.uk","Intervention description":"Developed an evidence based research review of Whole School Approaches. Developed a Whole School Approach framework, including a Wellbeing Award","Member Directory Link":"https://faireducationalliance.circle.so/c/member-directory-755067/?orgid=0013z00002RIGQ8"},{"Account Name":"St John's Foundation","Account ID":"0013z00002ehNsj","CASESAFEID":"0013z00002ehNsjAAE","Organisation Type":"Enabler","Date Member Last Updated URN Data":"2023-04-18","Inequality thematic focus":"","Region":"South West","Regions tackling educational inequality":"South West","Beneficiary age/key stage":"","Website":"https://stjohnsbath.org.uk","Public email":"sam.gillett@stjohnsbath.org.uk","Intervention description":"","Member Directory Link":"https://faireducationalliance.circle.so/c/member-directory-755067/?orgid=0013z00002ehNsj"},{"Account Name":"Allen & Overy","Account ID":"0013z00002P7pSP","CASESAFEID":"0013z00002P7pSPAAZ","Organisation Type":"Enabler","Date Member Last Updated URN Data":"2022-11-29","Inequality thematic focus":"","Region":"London","Regions tackling educational inequality":"East of England; East Midlands; London; North East; North West; South East; South West; West Midlands; Yorkshire and the Humber","Beneficiary age/key stage":"","Website":"https://www.allenovery.com/en-GB/global","Public email":"emma.turnbull@allenovery.com","Intervention description":"","Member Directory Link":"https://faireducationalliance.circle.so/c/member-directory-755067/?orgid=0013z00002P7pSP"},{"Account Name":"ZING","Account ID":"0013z00002SZ354","CASESAFEID":"0013z00002SZ354AAD","Organisation Type":"Enabler","Date Member Last Updated URN Data":"2022-09-28","Inequality thematic focus":"","Region":"London","Regions tackling educational inequality":"East of England; East Midlands; London; North East; North West; South East; South West; West Midlands; Yorkshire and the Humber","Beneficiary age/key stage":"","Website":"https://www.zing.org.uk/","Public email":"hello@zing.org.uk","Intervention description":"","Member Directory Link":"https://faireducationalliance.circle.so/c/member-directory-755067/?orgid=0013z00002SZ354"},{"Account Name":"NAHT (National Association of Head Teachers)","Account ID":"0013z00002P7pV6","CASESAFEID":"0013z00002P7pV6AAJ","Organisation Type":"Membership Body / Union","Date Member Last Updated URN Data":"1969-12-31","Inequality thematic focus":"","Region":"South East","Regions tackling educational inequality":"East of England; East Midlands; London; North East; North West; South East; South West; West Midlands; Yorkshire and the Humber","Beneficiary age/key stage":"","Website":"https://www.naht.org.uk/","Public email":"","Intervention description":"","Member Directory Link":"https://faireducationalliance.circle.so/c/member-directory-755067/?orgid=0013z00002P7pV6"},{"Account Name":"Bloomberg","Account ID":"0013z00002P8cfX","CASESAFEID":"0013z00002P8cfXAAR","Organisation Type":"Enabler","Date Member Last Updated URN Data":"1969-12-31","Inequality thematic focus":"","Region":"London","Regions tackling educational inequality":"","Beneficiary age/key stage":"","Website":"https://www.bloomberg.com/london/","Public email":"","Intervention description":"","Member Directory Link":"https://faireducationalliance.circle.so/c/member-directory-755067/?orgid=0013z00002P8cfX"},{"Account Name":"King's College London","Account ID":"0013z00002QFvJi","CASESAFEID":"0013z00002QFvJiAAL","Organisation Type":"University (Widening Participation)","Date Member Last Updated URN Data":"1969-12-31","Inequality thematic focus":"","Region":"London","Regions tackling educational inequality":"East of England; East Midlands; London; North East; North West; South East; South West; West Midlands; Yorkshire and the Humber","Beneficiary age/key stage":"","Website":"https://www.kcl.ac.uk/","Public email":"outreach@kcl.ac.uk","Intervention description":"","Member Directory Link":"https://faireducationalliance.circle.so/c/member-directory-755067/?orgid=0013z00002QFvJi"},{"Account Name":"UBS","Account ID":"0013z00002QG4KY","CASESAFEID":"0013z00002QG4KYAA1","Organisation Type":"Enabler","Date Member Last Updated URN Data":"1969-12-31","Inequality thematic focus":"","Region":"London","Regions tackling educational inequality":"London","Beneficiary age/key stage":"","Website":"https://www.ubs.com/global/en.html","Public email":"sh-communityimpact@ubs.com","Intervention description":"","Member Directory Link":"https://faireducationalliance.circle.so/c/member-directory-755067/?orgid=0013z00002QG4KY"},{"Account Name":"CFEY (Centre for Education & Youth)","Account ID":"0013z00002QG4Ka","CASESAFEID":"0013z00002QG4KaAAL","Organisation Type":"Research / Think Tank","Date Member Last Updated URN Data":"1969-12-31","Inequality thematic focus":"","Region":"London","Regions tackling educational inequality":"East of England; East Midlands; London; North East; North West; South East; South West; West Midlands; Yorkshire and the Humber","Beneficiary age/key stage":"","Website":"https://cfey.org/","Public email":"hello@cfey.org","Intervention description":"","Member Directory Link":"https://faireducationalliance.circle.so/c/member-directory-755067/?orgid=0013z00002QG4Ka"},{"Account Name":"Ark Schools","Account ID":"0013z00002QG4Kb","CASESAFEID":"0013z00002QG4KbAAL","Organisation Type":"School","Date Member Last Updated URN Data":"1969-12-31","Inequality thematic focus":"","Region":"London","Regions tackling educational inequality":"East of England; East Midlands; London; North East; North West; South East; South West; West Midlands; Yorkshire and the Humber","Beneficiary age/key stage":"","Website":"https://arkonline.org/","Public email":"caroline.doherty@arkonline.org","Intervention description":"","Member Directory Link":"https://faireducationalliance.circle.so/c/member-directory-755067/?orgid=0013z00002QG4Kb"},{"Account Name":"University of Leeds","Account ID":"0013z00002QG4LH","CASESAFEID":"0013z00002QG4LHAA1","Organisation Type":"University (Widening Participation)","Date Member Last Updated URN Data":"1969-12-31","Inequality thematic focus":"","Region":"North East","Regions tackling educational inequality":"East of England; East Midlands; London; North East; North West; South East; South West; West Midlands; Yorkshire and the Humber","Beneficiary age/key stage":"","Website":"https://www.leeds.ac.uk/","Public email":"","Intervention description":"","Member Directory Link":"https://faireducationalliance.circle.so/c/member-directory-755067/?orgid=0013z00002QG4LH"},{"Account Name":"UCL Institute of Education","Account ID":"0013z00002QG4S3","CASESAFEID":"0013z00002QG4S3AAL","Organisation Type":"University (Research)","Date Member Last Updated URN Data":"1969-12-31","Inequality thematic focus":"","Region":"London","Regions tackling educational inequality":"","Beneficiary age/key stage":"","Website":"http://www.ucl.ac.uk/ioe","Public email":"","Intervention description":"","Member Directory Link":"https://faireducationalliance.circle.so/c/member-directory-755067/?orgid=0013z00002QG4S3"},{"Account Name":"Big Change","Account ID":"0013z00002RHsgs","CASESAFEID":"0013z00002RHsgsAAD","Organisation Type":"Enabler","Date Member Last Updated URN Data":"1969-12-31","Inequality thematic focus":"","Region":"London","Regions tackling educational inequality":"East of England; East Midlands; London; North East; North West; South East; South West; West Midlands; Yorkshire and the Humber","Beneficiary age/key stage":"","Website":"https://www.big-change.org/","Public email":"info@big-change.org","Intervention description":"","Member Directory Link":"https://faireducationalliance.circle.so/c/member-directory-755067/?orgid=0013z00002RHsgs"},{"Account Name":"Impetus","Account ID":"0013z00002RHsh3","CASESAFEID":"0013z00002RHsh3AAD","Organisation Type":"Enabler","Date Member Last Updated URN Data":"1969-12-31","Inequality thematic focus":"","Region":"London","Regions tackling educational inequality":"East of England; East Midlands; London; North East; North West; South East; South West; West Midlands; Yorkshire and the Humber","Beneficiary age/key stage":"","Website":"https://impetus.org.uk/","Public email":"policy@impetus.org.uk","Intervention description":"","Member Directory Link":"https://faireducationalliance.circle.so/c/member-directory-755067/?orgid=0013z00002RHsh3"},{"Account Name":"KPMG","Account ID":"0013z00002RHsh5","CASESAFEID":"0013z00002RHsh5AAD","Organisation Type":"Enabler","Date Member Last Updated URN Data":"1969-12-31","Inequality thematic focus":"","Region":"London","Regions tackling educational inequality":"East of England; East Midlands; London; North East; North West; South East; South West; West Midlands; Yorkshire and the Humber","Beneficiary age/key stage":"","Website":"https://kpmg.co.uk","Public email":"corporateresponsibility@kpmg.co.uk","Intervention description":"","Member Directory Link":"https://faireducationalliance.circle.so/c/member-directory-755067/?orgid=0013z00002RHsh5"},{"Account Name":"London Youth","Account ID":"0013z00002RHsh6","CASESAFEID":"0013z00002RHsh6AAD","Organisation Type":"Delivery Organisation","Date Member Last Updated URN Data":"1969-12-31","Inequality thematic focus":"","Region":"London","Regions tackling educational inequality":"London","Beneficiary age/key stage":"","Website":"http://londonyouth.org/","Public email":"","Intervention description":"","Member Directory Link":"https://faireducationalliance.circle.so/c/member-directory-755067/?orgid=0013z00002RHsh6"},{"Account Name":"Nesta","Account ID":"0013z00002RHsh7","CASESAFEID":"0013z00002RHsh7AAD","Organisation Type":"Enabler","Date Member Last Updated URN Data":"1969-12-31","Inequality thematic focus":"","Region":"London","Regions tackling educational inequality":"East of England; East Midlands; London; North East; North West; South East; South West; West Midlands; Yorkshire and the Humber","Beneficiary age/key stage":"","Website":"https://www.nesta.org.uk/","Public email":"jed.cinnamon@nesta.org.uk","Intervention description":"","Member Directory Link":"https://faireducationalliance.circle.so/c/member-directory-755067/?orgid=0013z00002RHsh7"},{"Account Name":"Credit Suisse EMEA Foundation","Account ID":"0013z00002RHz8m","CASESAFEID":"0013z00002RHz8mAAD","Organisation Type":"Enabler","Date Member Last Updated URN Data":"1969-12-31","Inequality thematic focus":"","Region":"London","Regions tackling educational inequality":"East of England; East Midlands; London; North East; North West; South East; South West; West Midlands; Yorkshire and the Humber","Beneficiary age/key stage":"","Website":"https://register-of-charities.charitycommission.gov.uk/charity-search/-/charity-details/4036926","Public email":"emea.corporatecitizenship@credit-suisse.com","Intervention description":"","Member Directory Link":"https://faireducationalliance.circle.so/c/member-directory-755067/?orgid=0013z00002RHz8m"},{"Account Name":"Big Society Capital","Account ID":"0013z00002RIGPf","CASESAFEID":"0013z00002RIGPfAAP","Organisation Type":"Enabler","Date Member Last Updated URN Data":"1969-12-31","Inequality thematic focus":"","Region":"London","Regions tackling educational inequality":"London","Beneficiary age/key stage":"","Website":"https://www.bigsocietycapital.com/","Public email":"mmills@bigsocietycapital.com","Intervention description":"","Member Directory Link":"https://faireducationalliance.circle.so/c/member-directory-755067/?orgid=0013z00002RIGPf"},{"Account Name":"Campaign for Learning (part of the NCFE group)","Account ID":"0013z00002RIGPj","CASESAFEID":"0013z00002RIGPjAAP","Organisation Type":"Research / Think Tank","Date Member Last Updated URN Data":"1969-12-31","Inequality thematic focus":"","Region":"North East","Regions tackling educational inequality":"East of England; East Midlands; London; North East; North West; South East; South West; West Midlands; Yorkshire and the Humber","Beneficiary age/key stage":"","Website":"https://www.campaign-for-learning.org.uk/","Public email":"info@cflearning.org.uk","Intervention description":"","Member Directory Link":"https://faireducationalliance.circle.so/c/member-directory-755067/?orgid=0013z00002RIGPj"},{"Account Name":"We Are In Beta","Account ID":"0013z00002RIGPq","CASESAFEID":"0013z00002RIGPqAAP","Organisation Type":"Delivery Organisation","Date Member Last Updated URN Data":"1969-12-31","Inequality thematic focus":"Skills development; Other","Region":"London","Regions tackling educational inequality":"London","Beneficiary age/key stage":"","Website":"https://www.weareinbeta.community/","Public email":"hello@weareinbeta.com","Intervention description":"","Member Directory Link":"https://faireducationalliance.circle.so/c/member-directory-755067/?orgid=0013z00002RIGPq"},{"Account Name":"Education and Employers","Account ID":"0013z00002RIGPs","CASESAFEID":"0013z00002RIGPsAAP","Organisation Type":"Research / Think Tank","Date Member Last Updated URN Data":"1969-12-31","Inequality thematic focus":"","Region":"London","Regions tackling educational inequality":"East of England; East Midlands; London; North East; North West; South East; South West; West Midlands; Yorkshire and the Humber","Beneficiary age/key stage":"","Website":"https://www.educationandemployers.org/","Public email":"info@educationandemployers.org","Intervention description":"","Member Directory Link":"https://faireducationalliance.circle.so/c/member-directory-755067/?orgid=0013z00002RIGPs"},{"Account Name":"Ark Curriculum Plus","Account ID":"0013z00002RIGQ3","CASESAFEID":"0013z00002RIGQ3AAP","Organisation Type":"Delivery Organisation","Date Member Last Updated URN Data":"1969-12-31","Inequality thematic focus":"","Region":"London","Regions tackling educational inequality":"East of England; East Midlands; London; North East; North West; South East; South West; West Midlands; Yorkshire and the Humber","Beneficiary age/key stage":"","Website":"https://www.arkcurriculumplus.org.uk/","Public email":"","Intervention description":"","Member Directory Link":"https://faireducationalliance.circle.so/c/member-directory-755067/?orgid=0013z00002RIGQ3"},{"Account Name":"National Governance Association","Account ID":"0013z00002RIGQ6","CASESAFEID":"0013z00002RIGQ6AAP","Organisation Type":"Membership Body / Union","Date Member Last Updated URN Data":"1969-12-31","Inequality thematic focus":"","Region":"West Midlands","Regions tackling educational inequality":"East of England; East Midlands; London; North East; North West; South East; South West; West Midlands; Yorkshire and the Humber","Beneficiary age/key stage":"","Website":"https://www.nga.org.uk/Home.aspx","Public email":"","Intervention description":"","Member Directory Link":"https://faireducationalliance.circle.so/c/member-directory-755067/?orgid=0013z00002RIGQ6"},{"Account Name":"SAPERE","Account ID":"0013z00002RIGQN","CASESAFEID":"0013z00002RIGQNAA5","Organisation Type":"Delivery Organisation","Date Member Last Updated URN Data":"1969-12-31","Inequality thematic focus":"","Region":"South East","Regions tackling educational inequality":"East of England; East Midlands; London; North East; North West; South East; South West; West Midlands; Yorkshire and the Humber","Beneficiary age/key stage":"","Website":"https://www.sapere.org.uk/","Public email":"","Intervention description":"","Member Directory Link":"https://faireducationalliance.circle.so/c/member-directory-755067/?orgid=0013z00002RIGQN"},{"Account Name":"The Health Foundation","Account ID":"0013z00002RIGQY","CASESAFEID":"0013z00002RIGQYAA5","Organisation Type":"Research / Think Tank","Date Member Last Updated URN Data":"1969-12-31","Inequality thematic focus":"","Region":"London","Regions tackling educational inequality":"East of England; East Midlands; London; North East; North West; South East; South West; West Midlands; Yorkshire and the Humber","Beneficiary age/key stage":"","Website":"http://www.health.org.uk/","Public email":"martina.kane@health.org.uk","Intervention description":"","Member Directory Link":"https://faireducationalliance.circle.so/c/member-directory-755067/?orgid=0013z00002RIGQY"},{"Account Name":"Barclays LifeSkills","Account ID":"0013z00002RsYxa","CASESAFEID":"0013z00002RsYxaAAF","Organisation Type":"Enabler","Date Member Last Updated URN Data":"1969-12-31","Inequality thematic focus":"","Region":"London","Regions tackling educational inequality":"East of England; East Midlands; London; North East; North West; South East; South West; West Midlands; Yorkshire and the Humber","Beneficiary age/key stage":"","Website":"https://www.barclayslifeskills.com","Public email":"kate.mcgoey@barclays.com","Intervention description":"","Member Directory Link":"https://faireducationalliance.circle.so/c/member-directory-755067/?orgid=0013z00002RsYxa"},{"Account Name":"Canterbury Christ Church University","Account ID":"0013z00002SZ1kQ","CASESAFEID":"0013z00002SZ1kQAAT","Organisation Type":"University (Widening Participation)","Date Member Last Updated URN Data":"1969-12-31","Inequality thematic focus":"","Region":"South East","Regions tackling educational inequality":"East of England; London; South East","Beneficiary age/key stage":"","Website":"https://www.canterbury.ac.uk/","Public email":"wendy.cobb@canterbury.ac.uk","Intervention description":"","Member Directory Link":"https://faireducationalliance.circle.so/c/member-directory-755067/?orgid=0013z00002SZ1kQ"},{"Account Name":"Newcastle University","Account ID":"0013z00002SZ2vp","CASESAFEID":"0013z00002SZ2vpAAD","Organisation Type":"University (Widening Participation)","Date Member Last Updated URN Data":"1969-12-31","Inequality thematic focus":"","Region":"North East","Regions tackling educational inequality":"East of England; East Midlands; London; North East; North West; South East; South West; West Midlands; Yorkshire and the Humber","Beneficiary age/key stage":"","Website":"https://www.ncl.ac.uk/","Public email":"dawn.dowling@ncl.ac.uk","Intervention description":"","Member Directory Link":"https://faireducationalliance.circle.so/c/member-directory-755067/?orgid=0013z00002SZ2vp"},{"Account Name":"Mulberry Schools Trust","Account ID":"0013z00002SZ2vz","CASESAFEID":"0013z00002SZ2vzAAD","Organisation Type":"School","Date Member Last Updated URN Data":"1969-12-31","Inequality thematic focus":"","Region":"London","Regions tackling educational inequality":"London","Beneficiary age/key stage":"","Website":"https://mulberryschoolstrust.org/","Public email":"headspa@mulberryschoolstrust.org","Intervention description":"","Member Directory Link":"https://faireducationalliance.circle.so/c/member-directory-755067/?orgid=0013z00002SZ2vz"},{"Account Name":"Mercers' Company","Account ID":"0013z00002SZ2w9","CASESAFEID":"0013z00002SZ2w9AAD","Organisation Type":"Enabler","Date Member Last Updated URN Data":"1969-12-31","Inequality thematic focus":"","Region":"London","Regions tackling educational inequality":"London; South East; West Midlands","Beneficiary age/key stage":"","Website":"","Public email":"","Intervention description":"","Member Directory Link":"https://faireducationalliance.circle.so/c/member-directory-755067/?orgid=0013z00002SZ2w9"},{"Account Name":"The Switch","Account ID":"0013z00002SZ2x5","CASESAFEID":"0013z00002SZ2x5AAD","Organisation Type":"Membership Body / Union","Date Member Last Updated URN Data":"1969-12-31","Inequality thematic focus":"","Region":"London","Regions tackling educational inequality":"London","Beneficiary age/key stage":"","Website":"https://theswitch.org/","Public email":"","Intervention description":"","Member Directory Link":"https://faireducationalliance.circle.so/c/member-directory-755067/?orgid=0013z00002SZ2x5"},{"Account Name":"University of Manchester","Account ID":"0013z00002SZ2xu","CASESAFEID":"0013z00002SZ2xuAAD","Organisation Type":"University (Widening Participation)","Date Member Last Updated URN Data":"1969-12-31","Inequality thematic focus":"","Region":"North West","Regions tackling educational inequality":"East of England; East Midlands; London; North East; North West; South East; South West; West Midlands; Yorkshire and the Humber","Beneficiary age/key stage":"","Website":"","Public email":"","Intervention description":"","Member Directory Link":"https://faireducationalliance.circle.so/c/member-directory-755067/?orgid=0013z00002SZ2xu"},{"Account Name":"University of Oxford","Account ID":"0013z00002SZ2y3","CASESAFEID":"0013z00002SZ2y3AAD","Organisation Type":"University (Widening Participation)","Date Member Last Updated URN Data":"1969-12-31","Inequality thematic focus":"","Region":"South East","Regions tackling educational inequality":"East of England; East Midlands; London; North East; North West; South East; South West; West Midlands; Yorkshire and the Humber","Beneficiary age/key stage":"","Website":"","Public email":"","Intervention description":"","Member Directory Link":"https://faireducationalliance.circle.so/c/member-directory-755067/?orgid=0013z00002SZ2y3"},{"Account Name":"UCAS","Account ID":"0013z00002SZLeI","CASESAFEID":"0013z00002SZLeIAAX","Organisation Type":"Membership Body / Union","Date Member Last Updated URN Data":"1969-12-31","Inequality thematic focus":"","Region":"South West","Regions tackling educational inequality":"East of England; East Midlands; London; North East; North West; South East; South West; West Midlands; Yorkshire and the Humber","Beneficiary age/key stage":"","Website":"","Public email":"","Intervention description":"","Member Directory Link":"https://faireducationalliance.circle.so/c/member-directory-755067/?orgid=0013z00002SZLeI"},{"Account Name":"Youth Endowment Fund","Account ID":"0013z00002SZYLw","CASESAFEID":"0013z00002SZYLwAAP","Organisation Type":"Enabler","Date Member Last Updated URN Data":"1969-12-31","Inequality thematic focus":"","Region":"London","Regions tackling educational inequality":"East of England; East Midlands; London; North East; North West; South East; South West; West Midlands; Yorkshire and the Humber","Beneficiary age/key stage":"","Website":"https://youthendowmentfund.org.uk/","Public email":"hello@youthendowmentfund.org.uk","Intervention description":"","Member Directory Link":"https://faireducationalliance.circle.so/c/member-directory-755067/?orgid=0013z00002SZYLw"},{"Account Name":"Ancestors unKnown","Account ID":"0013z00002SZhPZ","CASESAFEID":"0013z00002SZhPZAA1","Organisation Type":"Delivery Organisation","Date Member Last Updated URN Data":"1969-12-31","Inequality thematic focus":"","Region":"South West","Regions tackling educational inequality":"London; South West","Beneficiary age/key stage":"","Website":"https://www.ancestors-unknown.org/","Public email":"","Intervention description":"","Member Directory Link":"https://faireducationalliance.circle.so/c/member-directory-755067/?orgid=0013z00002SZhPZ"},{"Account Name":"Carshalton Boys Sports College","Account ID":"0013z00002SZhQv","CASESAFEID":"0013z00002SZhQvAAL","Organisation Type":"School","Date Member Last Updated URN Data":"1969-12-31","Inequality thematic focus":"","Region":"London","Regions tackling educational inequality":"London; South East","Beneficiary age/key stage":"","Website":"www.carshaltonboys.org","Public email":"","Intervention description":"","Member Directory Link":"https://faireducationalliance.circle.so/c/member-directory-755067/?orgid=0013z00002SZhQv"},{"Account Name":"Edge Foundation","Account ID":"0013z00002SZhS2","CASESAFEID":"0013z00002SZhS2AAL","Organisation Type":"Enabler","Date Member Last Updated URN Data":"1969-12-31","Inequality thematic focus":"","Region":"London","Regions tackling educational inequality":"London; South East","Beneficiary age/key stage":"","Website":"https://www.edge.co.uk/","Public email":"enquiry@edge.co.uk","Intervention description":"","Member Directory Link":"https://faireducationalliance.circle.so/c/member-directory-755067/?orgid=0013z00002SZhS2"},{"Account Name":"Orwell Multi Academy Trust","Account ID":"0013z00002SZhW8","CASESAFEID":"0013z00002SZhW8AAL","Organisation Type":"School","Date Member Last Updated URN Data":"1969-12-31","Inequality thematic focus":"","Region":"East of England","Regions tackling educational inequality":"East of England","Beneficiary age/key stage":"","Website":"www.omat.org.uk","Public email":"office@omat.org.uk","Intervention description":"","Member Directory Link":"https://faireducationalliance.circle.so/c/member-directory-755067/?orgid=0013z00002SZhW8"},{"Account Name":"Paul Hamlyn Foundation","Account ID":"0013z00002SZhWI","CASESAFEID":"0013z00002SZhWIAA1","Organisation Type":"Enabler","Date Member Last Updated URN Data":"1969-12-31","Inequality thematic focus":"","Region":"London","Regions tackling educational inequality":"East of England; East Midlands; London; North East; North West; South East; South West; West Midlands; Yorkshire and the Humber","Beneficiary age/key stage":"","Website":"https://www.phf.org.uk/","Public email":"csutton@phf.org.uk","Intervention description":"","Member Directory Link":"https://faireducationalliance.circle.so/c/member-directory-755067/?orgid=0013z00002SZhWI"},{"Account Name":"Redbridge Community School","Account ID":"0013z00002SZhWx","CASESAFEID":"0013z00002SZhWxAAL","Organisation Type":"School","Date Member Last Updated URN Data":"1969-12-31","Inequality thematic focus":"","Region":"South East","Regions tackling educational inequality":"South East","Beneficiary age/key stage":"","Website":"Www.redbridgecommunityschool.com","Public email":"head@redbridgeschool.co.uk","Intervention description":"","Member Directory Link":"https://faireducationalliance.circle.so/c/member-directory-755067/?orgid=0013z00002SZhWx"},{"Account Name":"Pears Foundation","Account ID":"0013z00002UBhKd","CASESAFEID":"0013z00002UBhKdAAL","Organisation Type":"Enabler","Date Member Last Updated URN Data":"1969-12-31","Inequality thematic focus":"","Region":"London","Regions tackling educational inequality":"East of England; East Midlands; London; North East; North West; South East; South West; West Midlands; Yorkshire and the Humber","Beneficiary age/key stage":"","Website":"https://pearsfoundation.org.uk/","Public email":"","Intervention description":"","Member Directory Link":"https://faireducationalliance.circle.so/c/member-directory-755067/?orgid=0013z00002UBhKd"},{"Account Name":"St Stephen's Primary School","Account ID":"0013z00002YdRs4","CASESAFEID":"0013z00002YdRs4AAF","Organisation Type":"School","Date Member Last Updated URN Data":"1969-12-31","Inequality thematic focus":"","Region":"London","Regions tackling educational inequality":"London","Beneficiary age/key stage":"","Website":"http://www.st-stephens-primary.org.uk/","Public email":"","Intervention description":"","Member Directory Link":"https://faireducationalliance.circle.so/c/member-directory-755067/?orgid=0013z00002YdRs4"},{"Account Name":"Star Academies Trust (QSG)","Account ID":"0013z00002YgiA9","CASESAFEID":"0013z00002YgiA9AAJ","Organisation Type":"School","Date Member Last Updated URN Data":"1969-12-31","Inequality thematic focus":"","Region":"North West","Regions tackling educational inequality":"London; North West; West Midlands; Yorkshire and the Humber","Beneficiary age/key stage":"","Website":"https://staracademies.org/","Public email":"","Intervention description":"","Member Directory Link":"https://faireducationalliance.circle.so/c/member-directory-755067/?orgid=0013z00002YgiA9"},{"Account Name":"Dunraven Educational Trust","Account ID":"0013z00002efAGW","CASESAFEID":"0013z00002efAGWAA2","Organisation Type":"School","Date Member Last Updated URN Data":"1969-12-31","Inequality thematic focus":"","Region":"London","Regions tackling educational inequality":"London","Beneficiary age/key stage":"","Website":"det.org.uk","Public email":"boyle.d@det.org.uk","Intervention description":"","Member Directory Link":"https://faireducationalliance.circle.so/c/member-directory-755067/?orgid=0013z00002efAGW"},{"Account Name":"The Willow Primary School and Broadwaters? Children?s Centre","Account ID":"0013z00002gIXlX","CASESAFEID":"0013z00002gIXlXAAW","Organisation Type":"School","Date Member Last Updated URN Data":"1969-12-31","Inequality thematic focus":"","Region":"London","Regions tackling educational inequality":"London","Beneficiary age/key stage":"","Website":"https://thewillow.haringey.sch.uk/","Public email":"admin@thewillow.haringey.sch.uk","Intervention description":"","Member Directory Link":"https://faireducationalliance.circle.so/c/member-directory-755067/?orgid=0013z00002gIXlX"},{"Account Name":"Falinge Park High School","Account ID":"0013z00002ii4tA","CASESAFEID":"0013z00002ii4tAAAQ","Organisation Type":"School","Date Member Last Updated URN Data":"1969-12-31","Inequality thematic focus":"","Region":"North West","Regions tackling educational inequality":"North West","Beneficiary age/key stage":"","Website":"https://www.falingepark.com/","Public email":"allenj@falingepark.com","Intervention description":"","Member Directory Link":"https://faireducationalliance.circle.so/c/member-directory-755067/?orgid=0013z00002ii4tA"},{"Account Name":"Isla Foundation","Account ID":"0013z00002ilJ5o","CASESAFEID":"0013z00002ilJ5oAAE","Organisation Type":"Enabler","Date Member Last Updated URN Data":"1969-12-31","Inequality thematic focus":"","Region":"London","Regions tackling educational inequality":"London","Beneficiary age/key stage":"","Website":"https://islafoundation.com/","Public email":"info@islafoundation.com","Intervention description":"","Member Directory Link":"https://faireducationalliance.circle.so/c/member-directory-755067/?orgid=0013z00002ilJ5o"},{"Account Name":"Centre for Literacy and Social Justice at The Open University","Account ID":"0013z00002lVu5k","CASESAFEID":"0013z00002lVu5kAAC","Organisation Type":"University (Research)","Date Member Last Updated URN Data":"1969-12-31","Inequality thematic focus":"","Region":"South East","Regions tackling educational inequality":"East of England; East Midlands; London; North East; North West; South East; South West; West Midlands","Beneficiary age/key stage":"","Website":"https://wels.open.ac.uk/research/lsj/about","Public email":"helen.hendry@open.ac.uk","Intervention description":"","Member Directory Link":"https://faireducationalliance.circle.so/c/member-directory-755067/?orgid=0013z00002lVu5k"},{"Account Name":"The New School","Account ID":"0013z00002oaQ3l","CASESAFEID":"0013z00002oaQ3lAAE","Organisation Type":"School","Date Member Last Updated URN Data":"1969-12-31","Inequality thematic focus":"","Region":"London","Regions tackling educational inequality":"London","Beneficiary age/key stage":"","Website":"https://www.thenewschool.org.uk","Public email":"lucy@thenewschool.org.uk","Intervention description":"","Member Directory Link":"https://faireducationalliance.circle.so/c/member-directory-755067/?orgid=0013z00002oaQ3l"},{"Account Name":"Tees Valley Education Trust","Account ID":"0013z00002uByZv","CASESAFEID":"0013z00002uByZvAAK","Organisation Type":"School","Date Member Last Updated URN Data":"1969-12-31","Inequality thematic focus":"","Region":"North East","Regions tackling educational inequality":"North East; Yorkshire and the Humber","Beneficiary age/key stage":"","Website":"https://www.teesvalleyeducation.co.uk/","Public email":"info@tved.org.uk","Intervention description":"","Member Directory Link":"https://faireducationalliance.circle.so/c/member-directory-755067/?orgid=0013z00002uByZv"},{"Account Name":"Olive Academies (QSG)","Account ID":"0013z00002uCPz8","CASESAFEID":"0013z00002uCPz8AAG","Organisation Type":"School","Date Member Last Updated URN Data":"1969-12-31","Inequality thematic focus":"","Region":"London","Regions tackling educational inequality":"London; South East","Beneficiary age/key stage":"","Website":"https://oliveacademies.org.uk/","Public email":"maria.brame@oliveacademies.org.uk","Intervention description":"","Member Directory Link":"https://faireducationalliance.circle.so/c/member-directory-755067/?orgid=0013z00002uCPz8"},{"Account Name":"Queen Street Group","Account ID":"0013z00002uCUGF","CASESAFEID":"0013z00002uCUGFAA4","Organisation Type":"Membership Body / Union","Date Member Last Updated URN Data":"1969-12-31","Inequality thematic focus":"","Region":"London","Regions tackling educational inequality":"East of England; East Midlands; London; North East; North West; South East; South West; West Midlands; Yorkshire and the Humber","Beneficiary age/key stage":"","Website":"www.queenstreetgroup.org.uk","Public email":"roger.pope@educationsouthwest.org.uk","Intervention description":"","Member Directory Link":"https://faireducationalliance.circle.so/c/member-directory-755067/?orgid=0013z00002uCUGF"},{"Account Name":"Bruntcliffe Academy","Account ID":"0013z00002vtNrK","CASESAFEID":"0013z00002vtNrKAAU","Organisation Type":"School","Date Member Last Updated URN Data":"1969-12-31","Inequality thematic focus":"","Region":"Yorkshire and the Humber","Regions tackling educational inequality":"Yorkshire and the Humber","Beneficiary age/key stage":"","Website":"www.bruntcliffe.leeds.sch.uk","Public email":"laura.moore@bruntcliffe.leeds.sch.uk","Intervention description":"","Member Directory Link":"https://faireducationalliance.circle.so/c/member-directory-755067/?orgid=0013z00002vtNrK"},{"Account Name":"Anderton Park Primary","Account ID":"0013z00002vtR2o","CASESAFEID":"0013z00002vtR2oAAE","Organisation Type":"School","Date Member Last Updated URN Data":"1969-12-31","Inequality thematic focus":"","Region":"West Midlands","Regions tackling educational inequality":"West Midlands","Beneficiary age/key stage":"","Website":"Anderton Park Primary","Public email":"enquiry@anderton.bham.sch.uk","Intervention description":"","Member Directory Link":"https://faireducationalliance.circle.so/c/member-directory-755067/?orgid=0013z00002vtR2o"},{"Account Name":"South Farnham Education Trust (QSG)","Account ID":"0013z00002zY1jL","CASESAFEID":"0013z00002zY1jLAAS","Organisation Type":"School","Date Member Last Updated URN Data":"1969-12-31","Inequality thematic focus":"","Region":"","Regions tackling educational inequality":"","Beneficiary age/key stage":"","Website":"","Public email":"","Intervention description":"","Member Directory Link":"https://faireducationalliance.circle.so/c/member-directory-755067/?orgid=0013z00002zY1jL"},{"Account Name":"The Brooke Weston Trust (QSG)","Account ID":"0013z00002zY1jM","CASESAFEID":"0013z00002zY1jMAAS","Organisation Type":"School","Date Member Last Updated URN Data":"1969-12-31","Inequality thematic focus":"","Region":"","Regions tackling educational inequality":"","Beneficiary age/key stage":"","Website":"","Public email":"","Intervention description":"","Member Directory Link":"https://faireducationalliance.circle.so/c/member-directory-755067/?orgid=0013z00002zY1jM"},{"Account Name":"Bishop Chadwick Catholic Education Trust (QSG)","Account ID":"0013z00002zY1uo","CASESAFEID":"0013z00002zY1uoAAC","Organisation Type":"School","Date Member Last Updated URN Data":"1969-12-31","Inequality thematic focus":"","Region":"East of England","Regions tackling educational inequality":"East of England","Beneficiary age/key stage":"","Website":"https://www.bing.com/ck/a?!&&p=aee7bbd051d25125JmltdHM9MTY5MzM1MzYwMCZpZ3VpZD0xN2U5YWJlYy0wYzYzLTY2OWEtMDc0MS1iODlhMGQwNTY3MzUmaW5zaWQ9NTE4Mg&ptn=3&hsh=3&fclid=17e9abec-0c63-669a-0741-b89a0d056735&psq=bishop+chadwick+catholic+education+trust&u=a1aHR0cHM6L","Public email":"enquiries@bccet.org.uk","Intervention description":"","Member Directory Link":"https://faireducationalliance.circle.so/c/member-directory-755067/?orgid=0013z00002zY1uo"},{"Account Name":"Reach2 Academy Trust (QSG)","Account ID":"0013z00002zY1up","CASESAFEID":"0013z00002zY1upAAC","Organisation Type":"School","Date Member Last Updated URN Data":"1969-12-31","Inequality thematic focus":"","Region":"","Regions tackling educational inequality":"","Beneficiary age/key stage":"","Website":"","Public email":"","Intervention description":"","Member Directory Link":"https://faireducationalliance.circle.so/c/member-directory-755067/?orgid=0013z00002zY1up"},{"Account Name":"L.E.A.D Academy Trust (QSG)","Account ID":"0013z00002zY1uq","CASESAFEID":"0013z00002zY1uqAAC","Organisation Type":"School","Date Member Last Updated URN Data":"1969-12-31","Inequality thematic focus":"","Region":"","Regions tackling educational inequality":"","Beneficiary age/key stage":"","Website":"","Public email":"","Intervention description":"","Member Directory Link":"https://faireducationalliance.circle.so/c/member-directory-755067/?orgid=0013z00002zY1uq"},{"Account Name":"Ebor Academy Trust (QSG)","Account ID":"0013z00002zY1ur","CASESAFEID":"0013z00002zY1urAAC","Organisation Type":"School","Date Member Last Updated URN Data":"1969-12-31","Inequality thematic focus":"","Region":"","Regions tackling educational inequality":"","Beneficiary age/key stage":"","Website":"","Public email":"","Intervention description":"","Member Directory Link":"https://faireducationalliance.circle.so/c/member-directory-755067/?orgid=0013z00002zY1ur"},{"Account Name":"Learning in Harmony (QSG)","Account ID":"0013z00002zY1us","CASESAFEID":"0013z00002zY1usAAC","Organisation Type":"School","Date Member Last Updated URN Data":"1969-12-31","Inequality thematic focus":"","Region":"","Regions tackling educational inequality":"","Beneficiary age/key stage":"","Website":"","Public email":"","Intervention description":"","Member Directory Link":"https://faireducationalliance.circle.so/c/member-directory-755067/?orgid=0013z00002zY1us"},{"Account Name":"Ventrus Academies Trust (QSG)","Account ID":"0013z00002zY1ut","CASESAFEID":"0013z00002zY1utAAC","Organisation Type":"School","Date Member Last Updated URN Data":"1969-12-31","Inequality thematic focus":"","Region":"","Regions tackling educational inequality":"","Beneficiary age/key stage":"","Website":"","Public email":"","Intervention description":"","Member Directory Link":"https://faireducationalliance.circle.so/c/member-directory-755067/?orgid=0013z00002zY1ut"},{"Account Name":"BMAT Education (QSG)","Account ID":"0013z00002zY1uu","CASESAFEID":"0013z00002zY1uuAAC","Organisation Type":"School","Date Member Last Updated URN Data":"1969-12-31","Inequality thematic focus":"","Region":"","Regions tackling educational inequality":"","Beneficiary age/key stage":"","Website":"","Public email":"","Intervention description":"","Member Directory Link":"https://faireducationalliance.circle.so/c/member-directory-755067/?orgid=0013z00002zY1uu"},{"Account Name":"University of Chichester Academy Trust (QSG)","Account ID":"0013z00002zY1uv","CASESAFEID":"0013z00002zY1uvAAC","Organisation Type":"School","Date Member Last Updated URN Data":"1969-12-31","Inequality thematic focus":"","Region":"South East","Regions tackling educational inequality":"South East","Beneficiary age/key stage":"","Website":"www.unicat.org","Public email":"unicat@chi.ac.uk","Intervention description":"","Member Directory Link":"https://faireducationalliance.circle.so/c/member-directory-755067/?orgid=0013z00002zY1uv"},{"Account Name":"Truro and Penwith Trust (QSG)","Account ID":"0013z00002zY1uw","CASESAFEID":"0013z00002zY1uwAAC","Organisation Type":"School","Date Member Last Updated URN Data":"1969-12-31","Inequality thematic focus":"","Region":"South West","Regions tackling educational inequality":"South West","Beneficiary age/key stage":"","Website":"www.tpacademytrust.org","Public email":"enquiries@tpacademytrust.org","Intervention description":"","Member Directory Link":"https://faireducationalliance.circle.so/c/member-directory-755067/?orgid=0013z00002zY1uw"},{"Account Name":"North East Learning Trust (QSG)","Account ID":"0013z00002zY1ux","CASESAFEID":"0013z00002zY1uxAAC","Organisation Type":"School","Date Member Last Updated URN Data":"1969-12-31","Inequality thematic focus":"","Region":"","Regions tackling educational inequality":"","Beneficiary age/key stage":"","Website":"","Public email":"","Intervention description":"","Member Directory Link":"https://faireducationalliance.circle.so/c/member-directory-755067/?orgid=0013z00002zY1ux"},{"Account Name":"Inito Learning Trust (QSG)","Account ID":"0013z00002zY1uy","CASESAFEID":"0013z00002zY1uyAAC","Organisation Type":"School","Date Member Last Updated URN Data":"1969-12-31","Inequality thematic focus":"","Region":"","Regions tackling educational inequality":"","Beneficiary age/key stage":"","Website":"","Public email":"","Intervention description":"","Member Directory Link":"https://faireducationalliance.circle.so/c/member-directory-755067/?orgid=0013z00002zY1uy"},{"Account Name":"Dixon Academies (QSG)","Account ID":"0013z00002zY1uz","CASESAFEID":"0013z00002zY1uzAAC","Organisation Type":"School","Date Member Last Updated URN Data":"1969-12-31","Inequality thematic focus":"","Region":"Yorkshire and the Humber","Regions tackling educational inequality":"North West; Yorkshire and the Humber","Beneficiary age/key stage":"","Website":"https://www.dixonsat.com/","Public email":"info@dixonsat.com","Intervention description":"","Member Directory Link":"https://faireducationalliance.circle.so/c/member-directory-755067/?orgid=0013z00002zY1uz"},{"Account Name":"Creative Education Trust (QSG)","Account ID":"0013z00002zY1v0","CASESAFEID":"0013z00002zY1v0AAC","Organisation Type":"School","Date Member Last Updated URN Data":"1969-12-31","Inequality thematic focus":"","Region":"","Regions tackling educational inequality":"","Beneficiary age/key stage":"","Website":"","Public email":"","Intervention description":"","Member Directory Link":"https://faireducationalliance.circle.so/c/member-directory-755067/?orgid=0013z00002zY1v0"},{"Account Name":"Education South West (QSG)","Account ID":"0013z00002zY1v1","CASESAFEID":"0013z00002zY1v1AAC","Organisation Type":"School","Date Member Last Updated URN Data":"1969-12-31","Inequality thematic focus":"","Region":"South West","Regions tackling educational inequality":"South West","Beneficiary age/key stage":"","Website":"https://educationsouthwest.org.uk","Public email":"matthew.shanks@educationsouthwest.org.uk","Intervention description":"","Member Directory Link":"https://faireducationalliance.circle.so/c/member-directory-755067/?orgid=0013z00002zY1v1"},{"Account Name":"Ivy Learning Trust (QSG)","Account ID":"0013z00002zY1v2","CASESAFEID":"0013z00002zY1v2AAC","Organisation Type":"School","Date Member Last Updated URN Data":"1969-12-31","Inequality thematic focus":"","Region":"","Regions tackling educational inequality":"","Beneficiary age/key stage":"","Website":"","Public email":"","Intervention description":"","Member Directory Link":"https://faireducationalliance.circle.so/c/member-directory-755067/?orgid=0013z00002zY1v2"},{"Account Name":"Bishop Hogarth Catholic Education Trust (QSG)","Account ID":"0013z00002zY1v3","CASESAFEID":"0013z00002zY1v3AAC","Organisation Type":"School","Date Member Last Updated URN Data":"1969-12-31","Inequality thematic focus":"","Region":"","Regions tackling educational inequality":"","Beneficiary age/key stage":"","Website":"","Public email":"","Intervention description":"","Member Directory Link":"https://faireducationalliance.circle.so/c/member-directory-755067/?orgid=0013z00002zY1v3"},{"Account Name":"Ted Wragg Trust (QSG)","Account ID":"0013z00002zY1v4","CASESAFEID":"0013z00002zY1v4AAC","Organisation Type":"School","Date Member Last Updated URN Data":"1969-12-31","Inequality thematic focus":"","Region":"","Regions tackling educational inequality":"","Beneficiary age/key stage":"","Website":"","Public email":"","Intervention description":"","Member Directory Link":"https://faireducationalliance.circle.so/c/member-directory-755067/?orgid=0013z00002zY1v4"},{"Account Name":"Future Academies (QSG)","Account ID":"0013z00002zY1v5","CASESAFEID":"0013z00002zY1v5AAC","Organisation Type":"School","Date Member Last Updated URN Data":"1969-12-31","Inequality thematic focus":"","Region":"","Regions tackling educational inequality":"","Beneficiary age/key stage":"","Website":"","Public email":"","Intervention description":"","Member Directory Link":"https://faireducationalliance.circle.so/c/member-directory-755067/?orgid=0013z00002zY1v5"},{"Account Name":"Ormiston Academies Trust (QSG)","Account ID":"0013z00002zY1v6","CASESAFEID":"0013z00002zY1v6AAC","Organisation Type":"School","Date Member Last Updated URN Data":"1969-12-31","Inequality thematic focus":"","Region":"West Midlands","Regions tackling educational inequality":"East of England; East Midlands; London; North East; North West; South East; West Midlands; Yorkshire and the Humber","Beneficiary age/key stage":"","Website":"https://www.ormistonacademiestrust.co.uk/","Public email":"natalie.slayman-broom@ormistonacademies.co.uk","Intervention description":"","Member Directory Link":"https://faireducationalliance.circle.so/c/member-directory-755067/?orgid=0013z00002zY1v6"},{"Account Name":"Academy Transformation Trust (QSG)","Account ID":"0013z00002zY1v7","CASESAFEID":"0013z00002zY1v7AAC","Organisation Type":"School","Date Member Last Updated URN Data":"1969-12-31","Inequality thematic focus":"","Region":"","Regions tackling educational inequality":"","Beneficiary age/key stage":"","Website":"","Public email":"","Intervention description":"","Member Directory Link":"https://faireducationalliance.circle.so/c/member-directory-755067/?orgid=0013z00002zY1v7"},{"Account Name":"First Federation Trust (QSG)","Account ID":"0013z00002zY1v8","CASESAFEID":"0013z00002zY1v8AAC","Organisation Type":"School","Date Member Last Updated URN Data":"1969-12-31","Inequality thematic focus":"","Region":"","Regions tackling educational inequality":"","Beneficiary age/key stage":"","Website":"","Public email":"","Intervention description":"","Member Directory Link":"https://faireducationalliance.circle.so/c/member-directory-755067/?orgid=0013z00002zY1v8"},{"Account Name":"The White Horse Federation (QSG)","Account ID":"0013z00002zY1v9","CASESAFEID":"0013z00002zY1v9AAC","Organisation Type":"School","Date Member Last Updated URN Data":"1969-12-31","Inequality thematic focus":"","Region":"","Regions tackling educational inequality":"","Beneficiary age/key stage":"","Website":"","Public email":"","Intervention description":"","Member Directory Link":"https://faireducationalliance.circle.so/c/member-directory-755067/?orgid=0013z00002zY1v9"},{"Account Name":"Communities Academies Trust (QSG)","Account ID":"0013z00002zY1vA","CASESAFEID":"0013z00002zY1vAAAS","Organisation Type":"School","Date Member Last Updated URN Data":"1969-12-31","Inequality thematic focus":"","Region":"","Regions tackling educational inequality":"","Beneficiary age/key stage":"","Website":"","Public email":"","Intervention description":"","Member Directory Link":"https://faireducationalliance.circle.so/c/member-directory-755067/?orgid=0013z00002zY1vA"},{"Account Name":"Arthur Terry Learning Partnership (QSG)","Account ID":"0013z00002zY1vB","CASESAFEID":"0013z00002zY1vBAAS","Organisation Type":"School","Date Member Last Updated URN Data":"1969-12-31","Inequality thematic focus":"","Region":"West Midlands","Regions tackling educational inequality":"West Midlands","Beneficiary age/key stage":"","Website":"www.atlp.org.uk","Public email":"info@atlp.org.uk","Intervention description":"","Member Directory Link":"https://faireducationalliance.circle.so/c/member-directory-755067/?orgid=0013z00002zY1vB"},{"Account Name":"Northern Education Trust (QSG)","Account ID":"0013z00002zY1vC","CASESAFEID":"0013z00002zY1vCAAS","Organisation Type":"School","Date Member Last Updated URN Data":"1969-12-31","Inequality thematic focus":"","Region":"","Regions tackling educational inequality":"","Beneficiary age/key stage":"","Website":"","Public email":"","Intervention description":"","Member Directory Link":"https://faireducationalliance.circle.so/c/member-directory-755067/?orgid=0013z00002zY1vC"},{"Account Name":"Astrea Academy Trust (QSG)","Account ID":"0013z00002zY1vD","CASESAFEID":"0013z00002zY1vDAAS","Organisation Type":"School","Date Member Last Updated URN Data":"1969-12-31","Inequality thematic focus":"","Region":"","Regions tackling educational inequality":"","Beneficiary age/key stage":"","Website":"","Public email":"","Intervention description":"","Member Directory Link":"https://faireducationalliance.circle.so/c/member-directory-755067/?orgid=0013z00002zY1vD"},{"Account Name":"Inspire Futures Through Learning (QSG)","Account ID":"0013z00002zY1vE","CASESAFEID":"0013z00002zY1vEAAS","Organisation Type":"School","Date Member Last Updated URN Data":"1969-12-31","Inequality thematic focus":"","Region":"","Regions tackling educational inequality":"","Beneficiary age/key stage":"","Website":"","Public email":"","Intervention description":"","Member Directory Link":"https://faireducationalliance.circle.so/c/member-directory-755067/?orgid=0013z00002zY1vE"},{"Account Name":"Beckfoot Trust (QSG)","Account ID":"0013z00002zY1vF","CASESAFEID":"0013z00002zY1vFAAS","Organisation Type":"School","Date Member Last Updated URN Data":"1969-12-31","Inequality thematic focus":"","Region":"","Regions tackling educational inequality":"","Beneficiary age/key stage":"","Website":"","Public email":"","Intervention description":"","Member Directory Link":"https://faireducationalliance.circle.so/c/member-directory-755067/?orgid=0013z00002zY1vF"},{"Account Name":"Cabot Learning Federation (QSG)","Account ID":"0013z00002zY1vG","CASESAFEID":"0013z00002zY1vGAAS","Organisation Type":"School","Date Member Last Updated URN Data":"1969-12-31","Inequality thematic focus":"","Region":"","Regions tackling educational inequality":"","Beneficiary age/key stage":"","Website":"","Public email":"","Intervention description":"","Member Directory Link":"https://faireducationalliance.circle.so/c/member-directory-755067/?orgid=0013z00002zY1vG"},{"Account Name":"Unity Schools Partnership (QSG)","Account ID":"0013z00002zY1vH","CASESAFEID":"0013z00002zY1vHAAS","Organisation Type":"School","Date Member Last Updated URN Data":"1969-12-31","Inequality thematic focus":"","Region":"East of England","Regions tackling educational inequality":"East of England; London","Beneficiary age/key stage":"","Website":"www.unitysp.co.uk","Public email":"tcoulson@unitysp.co.uk","Intervention description":"","Member Directory Link":"https://faireducationalliance.circle.so/c/member-directory-755067/?orgid=0013z00002zY1vH"},{"Account Name":"Summit Learning Trust (QSG)","Account ID":"0013z00002zY1vI","CASESAFEID":"0013z00002zY1vIAAS","Organisation Type":"School","Date Member Last Updated URN Data":"1969-12-31","Inequality thematic focus":"","Region":"West Midlands","Regions tackling educational inequality":"West Midlands","Beneficiary age/key stage":"","Website":"https://summitlearningtrust.org.uk/","Public email":"rebecca.beardsworth@summitlearningtrust.org.uk","Intervention description":"","Member Directory Link":"https://faireducationalliance.circle.so/c/member-directory-755067/?orgid=0013z00002zY1vI"},{"Account Name":"The Two Counties Trust (QSG)","Account ID":"0013z00002zY1vJ","CASESAFEID":"0013z00002zY1vJAAS","Organisation Type":"School","Date Member Last Updated URN Data":"1969-12-31","Inequality thematic focus":"","Region":"East Midlands","Regions tackling educational inequality":"East Midlands","Beneficiary age/key stage":"","Website":"https://www.ttct.co.uk","Public email":"info@ttct.co.uk","Intervention description":"","Member Directory Link":"https://faireducationalliance.circle.so/c/member-directory-755067/?orgid=0013z00002zY1vJ"}]